Frauke Scheunemann

Dackelblick

Roman

 TUX - ebook 2010

**DACKELBLICK**

Wer nie einen Hund gehabt hat, weiß nicht, was Lieben und Geliebt werden bedeutet.

Arthur Schopenhauer

Die genauste Vorstellung von der Machtlosigkeit des Menschen haben zweifellos Gott und der Dackel.

George Mikes

Ich würde eher auf einen Mann verzichten als auf meinen Dackel Felix.

Ingrid Steeger

**EINS**

Was für eine Absteige! Gut, ich hatte gewusst, dass es nicht das Grand Elysée sein würde. Aber diese Unterkunft ist wirklich das Letzte. Eine Zumutung. Muffig und dunkel. Und dreckig. Ich gebe mir Mühe, mich nicht genauer umzuschauen, aber der Schmutz meiner Vorgänger ist unübersehbar. Es ist offensichtlich, dass hier schon ziemlich lange nicht mehr saubergemacht wurde. Mir ist zum Heulen zumute - wie konnte ich nur in eine solche Lage geraten? Heute Morgen noch im Salon von Schloss Eschersbach, und jetzt das. Nun fange ich wirklich an zu heulen.

"Schnauze, du nervst!", kommt es keine zwei Sekunden später von links.

Richtig: Das Schlimmste hatte ich noch nicht erwähnt: meine Zimmernachbarn. Fünf an der Zahl, die meisten von ihnen unglaublich verwahrlost. Und das nicht nur optisch. Ungebildeter Pöbel, der in einem Adligen wie mir natürlich gleich ein willkommenes Opfer ausgemacht hat. Mein Stammbaum reicht bis 1723, diese Ignoranten neben mir kennen vermutlich nicht einmal den Unterschied zwischen Markgraf und Markklößchen.

Vor meinem inneren Auge taucht mein Großvater auf. pflegte er zu sagen. Ach Opili, wenn du mich jetzt sehen könntest - ich bin definitiv ganz unten angelangt. Bei diesem Gedanken heule ich noch lauter. Irgendjemand muss mich hier einfach rausholen!"Wo ein von Eschersbach ist, ist oben. Vergiss das nie!"

"Komm, Süßer, beruhige dich.", sagt eine Hand und krault mich hinter den Ohren. "Gleich gibt es ein leckeres Fresschen, und dann sieht die Welt ganz anders aus. Der erste Tag ist für alle schlimm."

Hm, eine nette Stimme. Interessiert gucke ich zur Seite, um festzustellen, zu wem sie gehört: Neben dem Zwinger steht eine junge Frau in einer Latzhose und lächelt mich aufmunternd an. Ihre Hand riecht nach gewöhnlichem Dosenfutter, trotzdem hat die Berührung etwas Tröstliches. Ich schlecke ihre Finger ab, sie beginnt zu kichern.

"Ja, ja, das schmeckt dir, nicht wahr?", flüstert sie mir zu.

O je, wenn die wüsste - an meinen verwöhnten Dackelgaumen habe ich bisher eigentlich nur frisches Herz und Pansen gelassen. Fertigfutter war die absolute Ausnahme, das gab es wirklich nur, wenn Emilia, unsere Köchin, krank war oder Urlaub hatte. Bei dem Gedanken an Emilia krampft sich mein kleines Herz zusammen, und ich muss ein bisschen winseln. Als ich mich heute Morgen von ihr verabschiedet habe, hat sie geweint. Weiß der Teufel, wie Menschen das immer hinbekommen. Aber zum ersten Mal in meinem Leben hätte ich viel dafür gegeben, auch ein paar Tränen vergießen zu können.

"Du Armer, noch so schlimm?", fragt die Pflegerin mitfühlend. "Mach dir keine Sorgen, du bist so süß, wir finden bestimmt bald ein neues Frauchen oder Herrchen für dich. Versprochen!" Dann streicht sie mir noch einmal über den Kopf und zieht ihre Hand wieder durch das Gitter.

Ich drehe mich um und trotte in die andere Ecke des Zwingers. Dort wirft ein Sonnenstrahl noch ein einladend helles Fleckchen auf den Boden, und ich beschließe, es mir ein bisschen gemütlich zu machen.

Offenbar bin ich nicht der Einzige, der auf diese Idee gekommen ist: Bevor ich mich hinlegen kann, tritt mir ein riesiges schwarzes Irgendwas direkt auf die Pfoten.

"Kleiner, ich glaube, du verziehst dich besser auf die andere Seite. Hier ist mein Platz.", sagt es heiser und knurrt.

Was für eine lächerliche Töle! Meint die ernsthaft, sie könne mich in die Flucht schlagen? Mich, dessen Ahnen noch mit dem letzten Kaiser zur Jagd gegangen sind? Ich schüttle den Kopf.

"Ich glaube nicht", entgegne ich so würdevoll, wie es mir unter diesen widrigen Umständen möglich ist, "dass in diesem Etablissement mit Reservierungen gearbeitet wird. Ich war vor Ihnen da, also werde ich mich auch auf diesen Platz legen. Sie gestatten?" Mit diesen Worten schiebe ich Mr. Irgendwas zur Seite und lege mich schnell hin. Er starrt mich völlig fassungslos an. So viel zivilen Widerstand hat er wohl noch nie erlebt. Zufrieden räkle ich mich. Opili hatte doch Recht - ein von Eschersbach ist eben auch oben, wenn er unten ist.

Während ich noch darüber sinniere, wann hier wohl mit der zweifelsohne eher bescheidenen Mahlzeit zu rechnen ist, verfinstert sich mein sonniges Fleckchen. Nanu, eine Wölke? Ich blicke nach oben, um festzustellen, was in aller Welt hier auf einmal diesen unerfreulichen Schatten wirft - und schaue direkt in das Gesicht eines ziemlich ungemütlich aussehenden Boxers. Er schiebt seine Nase ganz dicht an meine und verströmt dabei einen Geruch, dass es mir regelrecht den Atem verschlägt.

"Pass auf, du aufgeblasener Zwerg: Wenn du nicht neu wärst, wärst du jetzt ein toter Hund. Hier gelten unsere Regeln, besser du hältst dich daran. Also wenn mein Freund Bozo sagt, dass du dich verpissen sollst, dann...", er kommt noch ein bisschen näher und schnappt blitzschnell nach mir.

Aua! Ein stechender Schmerz fährt durch mein rechtes Ohr. Hilfe! Der ist ja gemeingefährlich! Ich belle aufgeregt - offensichtlich bin ich unter militante und gewaltbereite Straßenköter geraten. Aber sosehr ich auch belle - niemand kommt. Nicht einmal die junge Frau in der Latzhose. Boxer und Bozo grinsen selbstzufrieden.

"Spar dir die Mühe. Die hört dich momentan nicht - ist zu den Katzen rübergegangen. Wir könnten dich jetzt richtig plattmachen, und niemand würde dir helfen. Ein toter Hund mehr in der Statistik dieser Bude. Wen interessiert das schon?"

Ich merke, wie sich meine Nackenhaare sträuben und es mir eiskalt den Rücken herunterläuft. Bozo, die schwarze Töle, baut sich wieder vor mir auf.

"Also, was ist jetzt? Wenn ich sage verpiss dich?"

"Dann verpisse ich mich?", ergänze ich seinen Satz.

"Richtig. Hundert Punkte. Braves Hundchen."

Bozo verpasst meiner empfindlichen Nase noch einen kräftigen Stüber mit seiner ungepflegten Pfote. Erschreckt springe ich zur Seite und laufe auf zittrigen Beinen in die andere Ecke des Zwingers. Dort sitzen noch zwei andere Hunde, die das Geschehen gelangweilt beobachtet haben. Mord und Totschlag scheinen hier an der Tagesordnung zu sein, jedenfalls interessiert sich niemand dafür, dass ich gerade Opfer eines Verbrechens geworden bin. Ein älterer Münsterländer rückt ein Stück zur Seite, als ich mich neben ihn setze. Immerhin nicht gleich der Nächste, der mich bedroht. Eine Weile hocken wir schweigend nebeneinander. Dann rückt er mir verschmitzt zu und murmelt: "So gut es eben geht, haha. Ich heiße übrigens Fritz."

Ich sage erst einmal nichts. Unter den gegebenen Umständen habe ich wirklich keine Lust, mich zu unterhalten. Stattdessen lege ich den Kopf auf meine Pfoten und sehe Bozo und dem Boxer zu, wie sie sich auf Sonnenfleckchen fläzen. Wahrscheinlich machen sie sich gerade über mich lustig. Eigentlich bin ich sehr gerne ein Dackel, aber in diesem Moment wäre ich viel lieber ein Kampfhund. Staffordshire, Pitbull oder irgendetwas anderes in Richtung meinem Lizenz zum Töten.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Don't be sad," Fritz nudges me, "the nurse just said you're such a real person type, someone will take you out of here soon. And then you'll show those two idiots over there the middle finger because no one wants them."

I look at Fritz thoughtfully. Hopefully he's right.

The next morning I feel like a rag doll. I barely slept—and even when my eyes closed for five minutes, I had terrible nightmares. Of boxers and pit bulls chasing me through the kennel, and vast amounts of canned food that tasted absolutely disgusting. Tired, I hobble to Fritz who wags his tail at the cage door.

"Morning," I ask him, "why are you so awake and in such a good mood?"

"Well, today's visitor day. And if someone actually comes looking for a dog, I want to make a good impression. I'm not getting any younger, so it's important to seem dynamic and cheerful."

Is he right? Honestly, I have no desire to put on the trained dachshund act. But the thought of settling in here for an extended stay is terrifying. So I stand next to Fritz, wagging my tail unmotively back and forth. And would people really fall for such a cheap trick? Unbelievable.

"By the way," Fritz asks, "what's your name?"

"Carl-Leopold," I reply brusquely.

"Carl-Leopold? That's a strange name for a dog."

"Not to me. It depends on where you come from," I boast proudly.

"From Eschersbach?" Fritz grunts, still wagging his tail.

I sigh. What a snob! He has no idea about beautiful names. "I'm from Eschersbach," I add haughtily.

"Eschersbach? That doesn't ring a bell for me." Fritz just mumbles and continues wagging his tail.

Suddenly, my heart quickens. Not because of the noise—after all, this place is so noisy that a dachshund's delicate ears should fall off—but because of an indescribable smell wafting through the air. Even Fritz seems to have caught a whiff, stopping his silly wagging and pressing his snout against the bars instead.

"Do you smell that?" I ask him. He nods. "Amazing, isn't it?"

"Yes, incredible!" I agree.

"It's the most beautiful scent I've ever smelled on a person," I conclude.

There's no doubt: this belongs to a human. Every dog knows immediately. But who is this human? Not some grubby meathead like sausage or chocolate cookie. No, more like... I scratch my head. ...It's got to be... oh yes—a beautiful summer day. A happy summer day. Lots of flowers, a hint of strawberries, and a wisp of mint. Fantastic.

"Probably we'll be disappointed when we see the person," Fritz says matter-of-factly.

"Really?" I want to know. "I haven't noticed any connection there myself. I can't judge."

"Oh yes, absolutely," he insists.

We gaze expectantly at the door. And there she comes, followed by her overalls. Fritz was completely wrong. Because for a human, she's gorgeous, like an angel. She chats with the other woman and laughs while doing so. Her eyes laugh too—which looks especially beautiful and is rare among humans. Most of them just crinkle their mouths when they laugh. Which is a shame. So if I could laugh, I'd make my eyes do it too. It definitely looks better that way.

"Hmm," Fritz says, "so you want a smaller dog, maybe a younger one?" The angel nods.

Fritz's ears droop immediately. He knows what that means: no lady for him again. Because Münsterlanders aren't small—and Fritz is far from young. He hangs his head. "Good luck," he whispers to me before trotting past. Of course, I feel bad about it—but maybe this is really my chance? I try Fritz's tactic again, wagging my tail excitedly and trying to bark as cheerfully as possible. In fact, the two women are now walking straight towards me.

"This is our junior," she says, "just got him. About six months old."

She extends her hand through the bars, and I lick it right away. Well, if that doesn't make a good impression, I don't know what does. The angel bends down to my level.

"Well, what a cutie!" she exclaims, bouncing up and down.

"Yes, such a handsome fellow," I reply, wagging my tail energetically.

"A dachshund mix," she says.

Ouch. Mix. Ugh. That stings. I immediately stop acting like an excited dog. Not that it wouldn't be true—on the contrary. Miss Overalls is right. And in doing so, she hits on my shame: I am a mutt. The result of Mom's affair with a very dashing terrier. Precisely why I'm here. Because although I am Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach, I'm not a purebred dachshund—not suitable for hunting and certainly not breeding. That's what the old lord of Eschersbach said before he put me in a box and drove me here. Emilia cried, but she already had my sister, and two dogs were too much for her.

Apparently I've started whining, because now the angel extends her hand through the bars and pets me.

"Oh, poor thing," she coos, "are you sad?"

How embarrassing. An Eschersbach doesn't cry! And then not in front of such a beautiful woman! Heaven forbid where this is going to end? But apparently that was exactly what I needed, because now she stands up, points at me, and says: "I want him. Absolutely. Can I take him right away?"

Overalls nods. "Come on in," she says, "then we'll take care of the formalities. He's been vaccinated, comes from a very meticulous breeder. A little accident, that's all."

She chuckles at her own joke. And I would love to give her a good lick across the face—but I don't. Otherwise, I might have to stay here.

Twenty minutes later, I'm snugly tucked away in the box on the back seat of Carolyn's car. Carolyn—that's what I've decided to call my angel. I found out when saying goodbye. Carolyn. A beautiful name. So noble. Probably—no, definitely—Carolyn comes from a noble family. Something like that is obvious to me as a dog. And Carolyn is in good spirits. She whistles a tune and occasionally checks the rearview mirror to see how I'm doing.

"Well, my sweetie," she says, "now you'll get to know your new home. I'm very curious to see what you think."

And I am too! Will it be as nice as Schloss Eschersbach? With a big park? And lots of rabbit hutches? The car slows down, then comes to a stop. Carolyn opens the door and pulls out the box. Now I have strawberries and mint right in front of my nose, and I would love nothing more than to lick Carolyn from head to toe. But I still have to wait before I can get out of this swinging box.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
My surroundings darken and sway more violently; Caroline carries me up a flight of stairs. I try to sniff out my new home through the bars of the box with my nose. In any case, it seems like various people and animals live here. At least one cat immediately comes to mind.

Now Caroline sets down the box, and I hear her unlocking a door. She pushes the box further with her foot, then fiddles with the lid, opens it, and carefully lifts me out.

"Voilà! This will be your home from now on. Take a good look around, little guy."

At first, I see nothing—it's so bright in here. I blink cautiously and try to adjust to the light. Dimly, I recognize that we're likely standing in a human living room. In front of the window sits a large couch; it looks like a tiny dachshund could very comfortably take a nap there. Does Caroline allow that? Anyway, it was strictly forbidden at Schloss Eschersbach. Which naturally led my sister and me to leap onto the sofa in the salon for no other reason than because it was hilariously funny when the old master of the house, despite his cane, flew by us like greased lightning and wildly swished his stick around to shoo us away.

I bound towards the sofa and sniff its fabric. Hm, strawberries and mint as well? But something else too. No animal. More like a human. I dive deeply into the scent. Hm, not only do I have a new mom, but also a dad? This isn't a woman's scent, that much is clear. While I'm still pondering, Caroline lifts me up and sets me down—yes! yes! yes!—on the sofa, right next to her. Enthusiastically, I lick her hands—this woman clearly knows what dachshunds love. She laughs and pulls her hands away. Then she looks at me thoughtfully.

"Well then, little guy, I've taken care of everything for you: a crate, leash, food bowl, food. The only thing left is..." I shake my head; in my opinion, that sounded pretty complete. "You need a nice name."

I squeak surprised—I already have a name! Or did Caroline simply abandon me at the animal shelter without telling me anything about myself? Such heartlessness!

Evidently sensing my indignation, Caroline lifts me onto her lap, and we lock eyes.

"Hm, well then, what kind of little guy like you should I call you? What do you look like?"

I try to puff out my chest and look as dignified as possible. Maybe she'll think of Carl-Leopold on her own. To emphasize this point, I bark majestically twice more. Come on, Caroline, think hard!

"In any case, you're not an ordinary dog—you really do have character. Internally, you're much larger than you appear from the outside."

Yes! Exactly! She's got it! With a majestic toss of my head, I declare, "I'm Herkules!"

What? HERKULES? An ancient Greek instead of old aristocratic?

TWO

Herkules! Okay, Caroline might not have much taste when it comes to dachshund names, and I'll need some time to get used to this strange new name. But she definitely has a knack for finding the right neighborhood. In fact, the house I now live in seems almost as large as Schloss Eschersbach. My feeling that Caroline comes from good stock seems to be correct. The neighbors don't exactly reside in modest cottages either. Right behind our house begins a park. I'm not sure, however, if it belongs solely to Caroline because it's enormous. When we take a short walk there, I can't even make out where the park ends—fantastic!

And it's not just big; adventure awaits within it as well. Even after just a few steps, I sense rabbits and squirrels. Instantly, I want to run off, but then a sharp tug on my neck reminds me that Caroline has something for me that is completely unfamiliar: a kind of rope she's attached to my collar. Aaaauu! What in the world is this? I turn around, take the thing in my teeth, and tug a bit on it. Caroline kneels down next to me.

"Well then, Herkules? Don't you like your new leash? Or have you never gone for a walk like this?" She's not sure if a little dog like me can do that. Walking on a leash, I mean. But unfortunately, there's a leash law here, and she can't just let me run around freely.

At the mention of "leash law," I bite down a bit harder on the rope. I don't exactly know what it means, but it definitely sounds like something aimed against dogs.

"Oh, come now!" Caroline says gently, then strokes my head. I let go of the leash and look at her.

"I guess I'll have to buy a book on dog training or maybe book some hours with a trainer? After all, you're my very first dog ever. But yesterday, I suddenly had the feeling it would be nice to have such a friendly, loyal companion around."

Okay, that training business is obviously unnecessary nonsense, and I hope Caroline figures it out on her own. But the part about being friendly and loyal definitely applies to me. To all of Eschersbach's dachshunds, in fact. I'd even go so far as to say we're famous for it. Opili says so, I think gloomily. What happens if the human suddenly leaves the dog? That was something Opili would never have thought of, I add mentally. A momentary bad mood tries to take hold of me, but then Caroline rustles something in her pocket. Hmh, not just anything—I recognize this scent! It's sausage. She actually holds a piece of it under my nose.

A dachshund from Eschersbach never leaves his human. Never! Remember that, Carl-Leopold!

"Here you go, my dear. Let's start our first training session with something enjoyable. I hope you like this."

I grab the sausage tip and jump up and down excitedly. Caroline should know that was the right idea.

"That makes you happy, doesn't it? Maybe we'll skip leash training for now and instead visit Daniel. It's time you met him. Around this time of day, he's probably hard at work and might appreciate a little variety."

I would have liked to stay in the park a bit longer—even with a leash. Perhaps we would have encountered another dog I could have quizzed about the neighborhood. But if Daniel is important... well then!

Caroline takes the same route back that we came, and I make an effort to walk bravely behind her on the leash. Maybe I'll get another sausage piece if I give her a successful demonstration now. In fact, she does turn around briefly.

"Good boy, Herkules! You're learning quickly!" She praises me, unfortunately without reaching into her pocket again. That's okay; I'm not really hungry anyway.

Now we're back in front of our house. Does Daniel live here too? Caroline bends down and picks me up onto her arm.

"Time for the workshop!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Workshop? An interesting word. What could it possibly mean? We do indeed go into the house, but not up the stairs, but down four steps. Then Carolin opens the door - and we find ourselves in a room that smells incredibly of wood. I am surprised. Do people also have forests where houses are located? And despite this, foxes and rabbits still live there? However, I don't see any trees at all. Strange.

I hear someone whistling from a corner of the workshop thing. Could it be Daniel? Carolin carries me towards the sound. We enter a room with two large windows through which the warm afternoon sun shines. Directly behind the windows begins a meadow that looks very pretty. In front of the windows stands a large table, and behind the table is the person who can whistle so loudly. He holds an object in his hands that resembles a branch with long hair. When he sees us, he puts the thing aside and stops whistling.

"Oh, hello! Have you lost someone? Or do we have visitors?"

Carolin shakes her head. "Neither: we have a new roommate. Let me introduce: Hercules - Daniel. Daniel - Hercules." With these words, she sets me down on the table next to the object.

"Did you buy a dachshund?"

"A dachshund mix, yes."

I can't help but shake my head vigorously and growl in protest. The two look at me in surprise.

"Maybe he doesn't like men?" Daniel wants to know.

Carolin shrugs her shoulders and strokes me behind the ears to calm me down. "I don't hope so. At the animal shelter, they didn't mention anything about it, and I actually wanted to bring him with me to the workshop during the day."

Daniel smiles. "Well, maybe he's a proud little guy and doesn't like when you question his purebred status."

The two laugh, and Carolin takes me back into her arms.

What's so strange about that? Even though I don't know many people yet, one thing is clear: these bipeds are definitely less sensitive than we dogs. They clearly don't have a clue what's bothering us at the moment. All of a sudden, I get the feeling that living with such a person all the time might not always be fun. After all, Daniel has already been on the right track. We'll work on the rest!

"May I hold him too?"

"Of course!" Carolin passes me over. Daniel has a firm but not unpleasant grip. He is only slightly taller than Carolin, and from up here, I can see that his bright hair wildly curls all over his head.

"Well, little guy, do you like me? Or don't you?" To make it clear right away, I lick Daniel's face with my tongue.

"So much for the 'doesn't like men' thing," Carolin happily remarks. "You're getting along just fine with him."

"That's good to know! Because if we spend our days in threes from now on, anything else would be bad. A dachshund who constantly pinches me in the shins would disrupt our harmony significantly."

Ah, I understand. Daniel is my lady's master. Probably, I also smelled him up in the apartment. I've heard before that people like to pair off and then stay together for a long time. I always found this strange. But when I see them like this, it makes perfect sense. They seem so... familiar with each other. Almost like my Opili with the old Eschersbach. And they have been going hunting together for fifteen years. No couple can top that. Do Carolin and Daniel go hunting together? Or do couples do other things in pairs?

"By the way, has Mrs. Brolin called again?" Carolin asks Daniel. "She wanted to come by today with a cello to be appraised. It needs restoration if it's worth it."

Cello. What a beautiful word. So soft and yet somehow... fiery. What is that? And does this object have anything to do with the thing Daniel was holding earlier? Well, I'll find out, as of today, I'll be in the area more often.

"Yes, she called briefly and left the instrument here. I put it on your spot. She wasn't in a hurry anyway. It's enough if you call her on Monday."

"Okay. To be honest, I'd like to take the rest of the day off and show Hercules his new home and surroundings. We've already tried a little walk in the park, but Hercules doesn't like his new leash. Maybe I'll practice with him some more."

"Go ahead, there's nothing urgent here anyway. At least not something I wouldn't manage without you." Daniel smiles again and passes me back to Carolin.

It's amazing what different facial expressions people can make. Of course, it's much easier when you don't have so many hairs around your eyes and nose. Right now, Daniel is looking at Carolin as if he'd also like to lick her face.

But apparently, that's not something people do. At least, I haven't seen them do it yet. By the way, they don't jump up and down either. Strange, right? But it feels so good when you're happy.

"Daniel?"

"Yes?"

"Is this okay with you about the dog?"

"Absolutely, don't worry."

"I mean, it was a pretty spontaneous idea, and I actually wanted to ask you first. But then I went to the animal shelter out of pure curiosity, and I immediately fell in love with this little guy. "

"He's really cute too. I can understand why you took him right away. Just look at those big brown button eyes. By the way, I think he's definitely a mix. He has floppy ears and relatively short legs - but a long back. So, if you ask me, he probably comes from a real dachshund family, no other breeds are likely to be in there."

Daniel, you're my man! I'd love to jump straight from Carolin's arm into Daniel and lick him all over again - his compliment feels so good. I feel like I've grown by a foot overnight. Proudly, I start barking.

"It seems to make you very happy!" Carolin says, stroking my ears one more time. "Well, my sweetie, then I'll do my best to make sure you're comfortable here."

As I lie down in my new crate at night, exhausted but happy. We had been out for an hour, practicing with the leash in the park. To do Carolin a favor, I usually trotted behind her, only occasionally sitting down and growling when I thought I'd seen a rabbit hole. After all, I also have a reputation as a hunting dog to uphold. But with some coaxing and a few slices of sausage, we managed a pretty big leash walk in the park. We even met a few other dogs, but I wasn't in the mood for talking. After all, there's always tomorrow.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Before I drift off to sleep, Carolin comes by one last time and tucks a soft blanket into my basket. She nuzzles me for a bit, then whispers in my ear: "You know, my sweetie, it's really a shame I haven't gotten myself a dog yet. Here, it would be ideal for someone like you. During the day, you can come with me to the workshop or wander around our garden. And whenever I take a break or have some free time, we'll go for walks." She wants to know how that sounds, and finally - finally! - I get to lick her face. Carolin giggles, pets me one last time, and wishes me good night.

Wow, I've hit the jackpot: a nice lady, a nice guy—actually, a truly beautiful family, just like at Castle Eschersbach. Okay, there's no Emilia, and instead of fresh panse, Carolin had opened a can for dinner to celebrate. But whatever. If that's what civilian life is like, I can deal with it. At least here, things seem honest, and I haven't met anyone as cold-hearted as the old man from Eschersbach yet. Yes, the luck of the little people has a calming effect all around. The nobility can do without me. Just thinking about that delicious sausage makes my eyes close.

THREE

I'd rather plug my ears or hide under the couch. Because what I'm experiencing right now fills me with real fear. A man I've never seen before has just entered our apartment—or more precisely, Carolin's apartment—and started yelling immediately. I'm speechless. Who is this horrible guy? And where is Daniel? Won't he protect his woman? Maybe I should look for him quickly so he can help Carolin. But that would mean passing by the yelling man, and frankly, I don't dare. Is it really a bad habit to hate people who can be so loud? My ears are truly remarkable. For my taste, neither humans themselves nor their insistent music should be so noisy. But that's just me.

In his aggressive manner, this man reminds me a lot of Bozo and Boxer. He's huge, several inches taller than Carolin. And his hair is as black as Bozo's fur. He makes the same haughty movements and has the same uncultivated tone. Apparently, he's a proletarian through and through, just like Bozo-Boxer.

The man waves his arms wildly around and points—at me! Oh no!

"Did you buy a dog? I've only been back from a business trip for three days, and you go and get one?"

Bozo-Boxer's face is bright red. Something tells me I don't quite fit with him like I do with Daniel. But that can wait. The main thing is my master likes me. And hopefully, that will happen soon. Even with people's usually bad ears, this yelling can probably be heard in the workshop. Now Carolin bravely steps in front of the man. Obviously, she wants to defend me. A noble gesture, but it really doesn't help. Because if anyone needs defending here, it's my lady through her brave hunting dog. It does no good—I have to jump into the fray.

Just as I'm about to take off for a daring leap maneuver to get the best bite position on this guy's sensitive spot, the incredible happens: Carolin moves even closer to the nasty type and pets him on the arm.

"But, darling—we agreed that getting an animal was a good idea. And yesterday, I spontaneously went to the animal shelter. Please, don't be mad! Hercules is so cute!"

I must have misheard. As far as I know, those are things people say to each other. For example, the gardener always tells Emilia everything is fine because they're a couple. So, does Carolin have two men? And one of them is this proletarian? At least Carolin seems to have calmed him down; he's not yelling quite as loudly anymore. Darling?

Darling

"You and your spontaneous ideas! Buying a dog without asking me—what nonsense!"

"Well, I thought since you're often away and we do have that big garden, Hercules could come with us to the workshop during the day. Daniel had no problem with it."

"Of course he wouldn't. He's the weakling in comparison to you. If you suggested standing in the store in straps tomorrow, he'd say yes right away."

"Come on, Thomas—stop picking on Daniel like that. He may not be as assertive as you, but I couldn't imagine a better partner than him."

Aha, so the man's name is Thomas. And apparently, he knows Daniel. What an interesting dynamic. Do people sometimes live in threes? Dogs are said to have lived in packs in ancient times. However, back then, one male would be surrounded by several females. Maybe it's different with humans—if there even is such a thing as a human pack. Perhaps every woman needs multiple men? There's still so much for me, a young dog, to learn. That much is clear.

"Well, of course you wouldn't find a better partner," sneers Thomas. "There are hardly any luthiers around. But just because your work colleague lets you do everything in the workshop doesn't mean I will."

Thomas laughs mockingly. Carolin starts crying, and it slowly dawns on me that Daniel and Carolin aren't actually a couple—at least not a romantic one. Instead, Carolin is somehow, incomprehensibly, married to Thomas, and they only work together. That's just the way it has to be, I suppose. Oh, how dreadful.

I'm completely confused and stopped listening to what Thomas is saying. Instead, I frantically try to figure out why Carolin would choose Thomas. She couldn't have picked him willingly. How did this even happen? Is there some sort of matchmaker for humans? So to speak, a breeder? I used to think that was impossible, as I considered humans to be beings with free will. But if I'm seeing this here, then humans must function differently. And—it's obvious—not well.

"Carolin, you're making things up. This just isn't going to work between you and Thomas. It never has, and it never will."

"How do you know that? Just because I'm a psychologist doesn't mean I can see into the future."

"No, not because you're a psychologist. I'm your best friend, Nina, who's been watching this whole mess for four years now."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
We sit, or rather Carolin and Nina sit, while I lie down in a café. Carolin came with me to this place after my argument with Thomas. A short time later, Nina joined us. And since then, things have become quite interesting, because Carolin and Nina are talking about exactly what has been on my mind today: What does Carolin actually want from Thomas? It's clear that Nina doesn't like Thomas either. But unlike me, she doesn't judge him by his unpleasant smell or loud voice, but has listed many other reasons, most of which I didn't quite understand. But anyway - in the end, Nina and I come to the same conclusion: He's just not right for her. Carolin, however, bravely defends him, while Nina continues to argue.

"I mean, honestly, Carolin: You've already bought a dog out of desperation. What comes next?"

Huh? Is this directed at me? I growl cautiously. Carolin leans down closer to me.

"It's okay, Hercules. Nina doesn't mean it that way."

Nina rolls her eyes. I can see this clearly from my spot next to Carolin's chair. "Yes, I mean exactly what I say! What you're missing is a man who loves you as much as you love him. For such a stupid little dog, there's no replacement."

Stupid little dog? Does she even know who she's talking to? I let out a growl, clearly not content with this. I jump up from my spot and bark energetically at Nina. She raises her eyebrows in surprise.

"Wow, it seems like he actually understood me. Okay, I take back what I said about him being a stupid dog. But the first part stands - you're not happy with Thomas, and you never will be. Keep the dog but break up with that guy."

Exactly, let's do this! I lie down again.

"Hercules is no substitute for love. It has nothing to do with Thomas. I've always wanted a dog."

"Nonsense. That was classic sublimation."

"Yes, yes, the psychologist knows best."

I'm not sure what that means, but it sounds dangerous. Carolin has said this to Nina several times, and it sounded like Nina had a serious illness. At least kennel cough. Poor thing, she looks so healthy - rosy skin tone, big clear eyes, I bet her nose is cold too. And her brown hair shines. But if it is an illness, I hope Carolin doesn't catch it and become psychologically affected as well.

"So let's get to the point: You're not happy with Thomas, and you never will be. Keep the dog but break up with him."

Perfect, that's what we'll do! I wag my tail. Unfortunately, Carolin isn't as enthusiastic about this advice as I am - she starts crying.

"You don't understand. Thomas and I belong together. I know it for sure. Just think of how we met: It was fate!"

Fate? What a mysterious word. Is that what brings people together? And if so, how could fate have been so wrong with Carolin? I try to imagine fate in person. Maybe he looks like the old man from Escher's drawing. Strict. Intimidating. A little arrogant. But if fate is indeed like the old man, then maybe it can also be mistaken. After all, even he made a big mistake when judging me. Would he have sent me to the animal shelter?

Suddenly, I'm not so interested in Nina and Carolin's conversation. My thoughts drift back to my family: Mom, my sister Charlotte, and Emilia. How are they doing? For the first time since those exciting past three days, I feel a strange longing. Are they missing me? Or have they already stopped talking about me? Does Charlotte sleep well without me lying in her basket next to her? Oh, Charlotte, will I ever see you again?

"Hey Hercules, what's wrong with you? Aren't you feeling okay?"

Apparently, I've started whining. Carolin and Nina stop talking, and Carolin picks me up onto her lap. Surprised, I look directly into her eyes. Her eyes are completely red - people do cry easily, but obviously it doesn't agree with her. I lick her hands quickly. Does that mean...? But Carolin looks quite worried.

"Hmm, what's wrong with him?"

Nina shrugs. "Maybe he's not happy with Thomas either? After all, Thomas would like to kick him out."

WUFF! What? Thomas wants to kick me out? So I'm going back to the animal shelter tomorrow? With Bozo and Boxer?

When we get home, I'm still quite unsettled. Will Carolin really bring me back? That would be terrible. Maybe I'll have to make amends with Thomas after all. I decide that when I see him next, I'll show off my best dachshund side - even though it goes against the grain for a von Escher to crawl on their bellies, and my last act of civil disobedience ended up with a painful bite in my ear.

However, at this moment, Thomas isn't home. Carolin doesn't call out for him either; she only briefly puts her bag down and then grabs the apartment key.

"We're going back to the workshop for a bit, Hercules." Then she opens the door. "Come on, sweetie!"

Nothing I'd rather do! I'm excited to see Daniel again and wag my tail happily behind Carolin as we walk down the stairs.

Once downstairs, however, I realize that while it still smells very woody, it's not necessarily Thomas' scent. Strange, where is he? While Carolin goes to one of the tables and starts tidying up, I wander around looking for Daniel. I find out that the rooms here in the workshop are arranged quite similarly to Carolin's apartment: Two adjoining ones on one side, a third behind them, then a long hallway, and at the back, another room. The wood smells especially strong there, and when I stick my nose inside, I see that entire piles of logs have been stacked up here. Odd - what could Carolin possibly want with all this wood? Von Escher collects bottles in his basement, and Emilia's man collects these little colorful, square pieces of paper with the jagged edges, but wood? It seems there's nothing people won't collect.

"Hercules, where are you?" Carolin calls down the hallway. I run out of the wooden room. "Well, what are you doing in the woodpile? It smells nice, doesn't it?" I lie down in front of Carolin's feet, and she gives me a quick stroke. "Or are you looking for Daniel?"

When I hear that name, I wag my tail. Let Carolin know exactly who I think is a good match for her.

"Ah, I see. Daniel is nice, right? But it's the weekend, so we usually don't work then. I also need to quickly take care of a few things that have been left since your move in. Then we'll go for a walk, promised. You can look around in the garden while I finish up, okay?"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A good plan, because I have not yet inspected the garden. In general, apart from the apartment and workshop, the house is still entirely unknown to me, and I am already looking forward to exploring it little by little. Carolin goes to one of the windows in the second room and opens it. Only now do I see that there are two steps leading up into the garden from there. I jump them quickly and sit down immediately on the grass. Wonderful - how ticklish it feels on my belly! The sun is shining on the tip of my nose, and I have to sneeze. Carolin laughs.

"So, then enjoy yourself - I'll leave the door open, so you can come in if you get bored."

No worries, Carolin, that definitely won't happen! I run off and sniff the massive tree standing on the side of the house. Hm, interesting. Obviously no dog has been here for a long time, because there is absolutely nothing marked on this trunk. I immediately correct that and lift my leg. Often I haven't done that before, let alone on such a wide trunk, so it probably looks a bit amateurish. But anyway, I can practice that here in peace and quiet until I do it as well as adult males, whom I have secretly observed doing it. So laid-back are they: they walk past a tree and lift their leg - as if it's no big deal.

I try again on the other side; after all, it's important to be able to do it with both legs. Not so easy! Fortunately, no one is watching me.

"Well, little guy?" echoes a voice from directly above me at that moment. "That looks quite wobbly. You haven't been doing this for long, heh heh!"

Who on earth is that? I look up and see a thick, black cat in the treetop. Oh no, what a disgrace! A secret observer and to top it off, a cat!

"By the way, these are the garden and tree - so I urge you to stop peeing here. It's disgusting and smells."

My...

With those words, the cat slowly climbs down the thick trunk and stands in front of me. For a cat, she is quite large. Above all, she is also fat. I growl at her.

"What? Is that supposed to be a greeting?" I snap. "You dogs have no manners. You just waltz in my living room without knocking and don't even introduce yourself. But alright," the cat sighs, "let's start over: I'm Mr. Beck."

Ah, a tomcat.

"I am Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Mr. Beck. Finally, I don't want people to think I don't know what's appropriate."

The cat chuckles. "Carl-Leopold? That's strange, I just heard Carolin calling you Hercules. And 'von Eschersbach' sounds a bit pretentious."

What an insult! I would love nothing more than to bite this fat creature right in the heel - but from my experience with palace cats, I know that it can be quite painful for a small dog like me. These creatures are really fast and have very sharp claws. Although I'm seething inwardly, I try to keep a cool head.

"A woman as lovely as Carolin can call me by any name she wants. But with a cat like you, I must insist. By the way, this isn't your living room anymore, it's my new garden. So please, in future, don't climb on my also new tree. You damage it with your claws."

The cat's tail starts twitching. Unfortunately not out of fear, but because he breaks into hysterical laughter.

"Wonderful - you were just missing! I was getting a bit bored, but with a clown like you, this summer will definitely be entertaining."

Mr. Beck starts laughing on the floor. It's clear that he's thoroughly enjoying himself. As for me, I could pull out my tail hairs. No one takes me seriously. Mr. Beck slowly calms down, stands up, and gives a brief shake.

"Now seriously, little guy - what do you think you are?"

I'm about to say something when Mr. Beck's paw zips by my nose so closely I could feel the air move. "Wrong question! Just don't start with that noble talk again."

I growl. Mr. Beck shouldn't think he can just insult me without consequences - claws or no claws. Unfortunately, he completely ignores this and continues unperturbed: "I've been living here for quite some time as the only animal in this house, if you exclude that silly parakeet on the second floor. And just because you were brought here by the very charming Carolin, you don't get to clear my territory. This was garden, it is garden, and will always be garden! So be happy when you're allowed to bask in the sun here from time to time and stay away from that tree."

With those words, he turns around and apparently wants to leave me standing there. That's when I finally snap. I take a running leap forward and grab Mr. Beck's tail. Actually, with the intention of making it just as narrowly miss my teeth as his paw did mine earlier. Unfortunately, in that very moment, Mr. Beck lowers his tail tip towards my bite, and before I know it, I've bitten right into it. Ouch. That was definitely a little bit painful. Maybe even a lot. But not on purpose!

Mr. Beck roars angrily and tries to get at me, but I take off. On the second day of being mauled by a cat is certainly not how I envisioned my grand entrance. Before he catches me, I leap through an open window in the workshop.

I almost land on Carolin's feet, who looks at me in surprise.

"What are you doing there, Hercules? Doing aerobics?" She looks out the window and sees Mr. Beck just managing to stop short. "Did you have a fight with the cat?"

I try to look as innocent as possible and wag my tail.

"So really, Hercules! Mr. Beck is quite a nice older gentleman. Besides, his owner always waters my flowers when I'm not around. So you need to behave yourself."

How embarrassing! She knows the cat better than me. I pretend to be looking at something very interesting on the ground. However, I can't help but think that Carolin's taste in both men and cats is far from exquisite. After this impossible Thomas, here comes Mr. Beck - it's almost a miracle she didn't take Bozo from the shelter instead of me.

Thinking about Thomas reminds me that I still need to make a good impression on him today. He shouldn't even think of sending me back. Besides, I have enough enemies close by, and I don't need Mr. Beck as an additional one right now. I resolve to seize the first opportunity to bond with Thomas over Bozo's tail. That's how I'll do it, Opili. With courage and audacity. A von Eschersbach doesn't hesitate - he acts when the chance presents itself, with courage and audacity.

FOUR
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Indeed, the opportunity for brotherhood with Thomas comes earlier than thought. A night later, I lie in my basket and can't sleep. Too much is going through my head. Thomas. The small incident with Mr Beck. The conversation between Carolin and Nina. Even Fritz, the Münsterlander from the shelter, I have to think of. Restlessly, I roll over and over.

Suddenly, I hear a sound. It's a murmuring... or rather a... whimpering? I scramble up, climb out of my basket, and trot out of the living room towards the hallway. There I can hear the sound even better. It is indeed a whimpering, and it comes from the bedroom! Horror - isn't Carolin doing alright? The door is only slightly ajar, so I can quietly slip in. Unfortunately, it's completely dark, I can see nothing.

And again the sound. The whimpering has now turned into a groan. To my great relief, however, it is clearly Thomas who seems to be in pain. My first thought: Carolin is probably fine. My second thought: Here she is, my chance! Now it's time for bold and fearless action. Because quite obviously, Thomas is lying in bed and winding himself up in pain. Carolin appears to be sleeping - at least, she doesn't seem to hear him, because if she did, she would help him. So I'll make sure she wakes up and Thomas doesn't have to suffer any longer. Then he'll realize what a great dog I am and how good it is that Carolin got me.

With a bold and fearless leap, I jump into bed right next to the groaning Thomas. It's really surprising that Carolin doesn't hear him, because she lies more or less under him. As I mentioned before: humans have really bad hearing. But don't worry, Thomas, you now have a new loyal friend. In his pain, he winds himself up, his face turned down. I lick his neck quickly, so he knows help is nearby. He shivers. Then I start barking as loudly as possible. Finally, Carolin should wake up.

The next thing I remember is flying across the whole room and landing very roughly beside the door. Then suddenly, it gets bright. Thomas - miraculously healed - stands over me and glares at me angrily.

"You piece of shit! What are you trying to do? I'll beat you up!"

He swings at me - does he want to hit me? I try to duck. But where? In panic, I start yapping. Help - what's going on here?

At that moment, Carolin suddenly stands behind Thomas. From all the noise, she finally wakes up. She grabs Thomas by the shoulder and pulls him back.

"Submit yourself, Hercules! He didn't intentionally disturb us. "

Thomas turns around. 
"Please? The dog jumps into our bed while I'm just getting started, and you defend it? To that stupid animal, I'll show soon enough what I think of his little act."

"Thomas!" Carolin says sharply. "You leave Hercules alone right now! Now!"

She bends down to me and picks me up on her arm. By now, I'm shivering like a leaf. This is just too much for my delicate nervous system. And anyway, I don't understand anything anymore: Why should Thomas be happy that at least I recognized his critical condition? Instead, he seriously wanted to beat me up. And my Dackelpo hurts from the kick he gave me in bed. I start whimpering. Never have I been treated so unfairly. Against this psychopath, old von Eschersbach is a model of kindness!

"You poor thing, you're shivering so hard!" Carolin presses me against her and presses her face into my neck. "Don't worry, I'm with you. I'll take care of you."

Thomas snorts in disgust. 
"So seriously, Carolin. Do you have an erotic relationship with a dog? You don't seem to mind the interruption at all. Maybe it was even right for you. Now you don't even have to say you have a headache anymore."

Hold on: Thomas groans, and Carolin has a headache? What interruption? No matter how hard I try, I can't make any sense of it. One thing is clear, though: My attempt to get along with Thomas has completely backfired. And I don't even know why. Can I take my new chew toy to the shelter? Besides, it doesn't really matter, because Bozo and Boxer will probably take it from me anyway.

I spend the rest of the night in my basket. Although I'm exhausted, after all this chaos, of course, I can't sleep either. From time to time, I raise an ear and listen into the darkness. Complete silence. But even if I heard another sound - no ten horses would get me back into a room where Thomas is present again.

The sun shines through the workshop windows, creating inviting patches on the old wooden floor, begging me to lie down. This morning, after all the previous night's events, I am still feeling quite shaken. I hesitate between lying down in Carolin's room or crawling onto the table where Daniel is working."Come on, Carl-Leopold, lay next to me and rest a bit!"

Finally, I lie down next to Daniel. I feel pretty small and afraid that Carolin might also blame me for everything. Even though she didn't say a word, it still feels a little uncomfortable. Because somehow, I did something completely wrong. Even after careful consideration, I don't know what exactly. But the fact that Carolin had to defend me from Thomas again is really embarrassing for me.

"So, how was your weekend? How does life with your new dog go?" Daniel asks Carolin.

I tuck my ears down and lower my head between my front paws. The story that will inevitably follow makes me want to close my eyes.

"You - great! Thomas is also very excited about the little guy. Well, you know how much he loves animals."

Huh? Was there something in his food this morning? Obviously, I'm hallucinating.

"Really? No, I didn't know that he likes animals so much. But all the better, then they'll surely get along great. They could go hiking together or do survival training or what a real tough guy does with his dog."

Do I imagine it, or do I hear a hint of irony in Daniel's words? That's actually not easy for me as a dog - humans often use the same words to mean completely different things. I remember very well how von Eschersbach first said when I jumped onto the sofa in the living room with wet paws, and then he swung his walking stick at me and hit me on the hind legs. I couldn't calm down for two hours until my mom explained that people often say the opposite of what they mean to make it clear that they don't actually mean it. Crazy, right? There must be some very impractical and unnecessary twists in a human's head. Probably because they carry them around at such a high level above the ground with their upright posture. That obviously isn't good for their brains."Fine dog, good idea!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
In this context, it's also interesting to ask how Carolin came to tell such a story? Why doesn't she admit that our start into a shared future was a total failure? Is animal love perhaps something that increases the value of a man? Just as ferocity, drive and shooting accuracy distinguish an outstanding hunting dog? I know a lot about outstanding hunting dogs: my mother was three times in the final of the national championship; the shelves at Schloss Eschersbach are bending under her trophies, and she never got a mark lower than "Excellent 1", or simply V1. So if animal love is listed in the catalog, and Carolin wants to demonstrate that Thomas is a candidate for V1, then her story makes sense. But on the other hand, even a small dog like me can see at first glance that Thomas would get no better than "Satisfactory" - even with animal love. If it actually existed.

Back to the topic of irony: honestly, I hope Daniel didn't mean it that way. Because the combination of words "with" and "waken" evoke in me entirely different associations than those of a great friendship between man and dog. Instead, I see Thomas in my mind's eye lifting me over a rocky outcropping into a very deep abyss or tying me to a tree in a lonely forest and simply walking away. Then again, perhaps the animal shelter. Maybe I can found a doggy-WG with Fritz, who is unfortunately still there, and we'll get our own little kennel? If I had my way, even next to the cat enclosure - looking back, I actually find it quite funny that I bit Beck's tail.

Thomas alone

Survival training

"So Daniel, you don't have to laugh about this. I really believe Hercules and Thomas will become good friends."

Ah - thank God! So indeed, irony. No dangerous solo ventures with Thomas.

"I'm not laughing. I just doubt that your dear Thomas will soon be jogging through the park with a cute guy like Hercules. It goes too much against his carefully cultivated image as a tough guy."

"What's wrong with Thomas?"

"Nothing at all. I sometimes wonder what he has against me."

Carolin bursts out laughing loudly. Sounds quite inauthentic.

"Please, Thomas doesn't have anything against you. On the contrary, he finds you very nice."

Carolins usually warm voice has a tinny undertone. Does Daniel hear it too? He sighs.

"Of course, of course."

"You're just very different. But that doesn't mean you can't be friends."

After that, Daniel says nothing more but takes a deep breath. Apparently, he doesn't want to talk about this topic with Carolin. A pity, I would have liked to know more about his opinion on Thomas. Maybe I have an ally in him? That would be nice, because by now I could use another friend in this house.

At lunchtime, Carolin briefly takes me into the apartment to give me my food. She has actually bought a book about dogs - I saw it lying on the sofa in the living room - and maybe as the first chapter she read the one about healthy nutrition. In any case, she's now off canned food and brought some fresh heart for me on our walk this morning. As she cooks it, a tempting aroma fills the apartment. Delicious! A very pleasant development.

"Okay, little guy, that needs to cool down a bit, then you'll get it. Let's wait five more minutes; I need to make a quick phone call anyway, then I'll give it to you."

She puts my bowl with the heart pieces in the fridge and goes into the room next to the living room. I stand around uncertainly for a while, then trot into the hallway. While I'm wondering what to do until lunch, I see that the bedroom door is open again. For two days, I've made a big detour around this room, but now my curiosity wins out. Maybe I'll find something there that explains what happened on that terrifying night recently? Although I wouldn't know what it could be, at least I want to take another look in the light of day. From the other corner of the apartment, I hear Carolin talking with that black plastic thing. After everything I now know about people in general and women in particular, this is a sure sign that she's completely distracted right now. It was the same with Emilia. You could steal the best things from the kitchen while she was on the phone.

Carefully, I push my nose through the door crack. Yes, the air is clean. In a flash, I'm inside. At first glance, it looks completely unremarkable. But as they say, it's the second look that makes things interesting. Better put, the moment when a dog precisely sniffs around. And that's why I decide to thoroughly inspect this place with my nose.

I start at the bed: everything as usual. To the right, it smells like Carolin; to the left, more like Thomas. Well, what did I expect? That's just how they sleep. I'm about to jump down again when another scent catches my attention. Not directly on the sheets, but rather underneath, on the mattress. I pull the sheets apart and sniff around more closely. Strange. While Carolin's side has that fantastic Carolin smell and Thomas' side smells unsympathetically, there's a third scent hanging over this bed. It's... hmm... I'm not sure... somehow... no, or maybe yes... hard to say! So I crawl around the entire bed with my nose.

Just then, the bedroom door swings open. "Herkules, no! What are you doing in our bed again?"

Carolin stands before me, wagging her index finger in disapproval. Ashamed, I look down. How could I explain what exactly I'm looking for? I don't even know myself. I just know that I've discovered something very strange.

"Dogs don't belong in the bed, Herkules. You have a very comfortable crate, and please stay there when you want to sleep. You can sit with me on the sofa, but not in the bed. Thomas was really mad at you the other day, and I promised him I'd teach you better. I want you two to become friends. And that's not going to happen like this!"

Now Carolin looks really sad. Darn it. I tuck my ears down and jump off the bed. It was a bad idea to go into the bedroom. And I'm not any wiser now.

"Don't look so sad. Every dog has to learn something new sometimes. And now come - your food is probably ready."

Of course, I don't let that stop me and immediately rush to the kitchen. Carolin takes the bowl out of the fridge, stirs it once, and then sets it in front of my nose. Mmm, delicious. A proper portion of heart, and the biggest problem is quickly forgotten.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Back in the workshop I fall asleep for an hour. Daniel has made me a second basket from an old box and a pillow – very thoughtful of him. I wake up because I have the feeling that someone is torturing Mr Beck. In any case, terrible sounds reach my ears. Very high and shrill, a wretched howl. I jump out of the box and run towards the noise. There, in one of the front rooms, stands Carolin holding something on her arm. Not Mr Beck, but one of the small wooden boxes that seem to be lying around everywhere in the workshop. They look strange. They come in various sizes, they are not angular but round, as if two circles had been stuck together. Also, they have a long neck. And on this neck Carolin is swishing her stick around. To be more precise, she strokes it around. This apparently hurts the box, because after that it makes an awful noise.

Brr, my blood freezes! I can't help but start wailing. First timidly, then loudly. Carolin lets the box sink and Daniel comes into the room. He sees me still wailing loudly one last time, then he breaks out into a thunderous laugh.

"Oh my goodness, please tell me Hercules doesn't like music! Well, you're in the right place then!"

Music? That's supposed to be music? That's not even close to being serious! I know music from Schloss Eschersbach. In the salon there wasn't just my favourite sofa, but also a so-called piano. Sometimes Eschersbach played there, and that was also nothing I would have chosen for myself, but certainly not as bad as what I just heard. And when I went shopping with Emilia, then the car played music, of course much too loudly, but otherwise quite nice - with a clear rhythm and very fast. But this here was simply terrible. And so shrill. It wasn't even music in the slightest. I shake my head energetically.

Carolin and Daniel look at each other puzzled.

"Maybe he finds the notes too high? Get the cello, maybe that suits him better than the violin?"

Daniel trots off and comes back with one of the larger boxes. Ah, so this thing has a proper name after all. Hopefully it sounds a bit like music as well. Daniel sits down on a chair and wedges the cello between his legs. He also takes the stick in hand. Then he moves it slowly back and forth. Indeed, sounds come out of it. And they sound considerably better. I grumble contentedly and lie down in front of Daniel, my head on my forelegs.

"So, Hercules isn't the type for the violin. But generally it seems he doesn't mind music," Carolin observes. "Then he'll have to take a little walk in the garden whenever we tune the violins." She sighs. "Too bad, the violin is such a wonderful instrument."

"Who knows how it sounds to dog ears. Probably he still hears some vibrations that we can't even perceive. There are also these silent dog whistles that we can no longer hear, but dogs most certainly can."

"Hey, did you steal my dog book secretly?"

"No, but we always had a dog at home. Quite a few terriers, but once even a dachshund. So I'm an expert on dogs, if you want to know."

"Good to know. I'll definitely ask you with a specialist question soon. But now I have to get back to work. So, Hercules, if you don't mind your ears, maybe you'd better go into the garden."

Fine by me, I can practice peeing a bit longer.

FIVE

The garden is peaceful and quiet. I look around to make sure there are no unwelcome spectators this time, then I approach the big tree and lift my leg. Well, that's not so bad after all. That stupid Beck can go to hell. Besides, it's obviously not his garden, but mine. After all, he goes from Carolin's workshop. Beck is just a visitor. There's nothing wrong with that, of course; a guest from Eschersbach is always welcome. But if this stupid cat thinks I'll start dancing to his tune now because he's been living here longer, then he's got it completely wrong. I won't back down. A von Eschersbach never backs down!

I try switching legs a few times, left and right, but eventually get bored. Time to check out the other corners of the garden. Behind the tree starts a large lawn area that is bathed in inviting sunlight at this moment. Otherwise, it's rather dull for my taste. No sign of rabbits or moles. The occasional squirrel seems to run across the meadow from time to time, although I can't smell anything particularly interesting. Squirrels aren't worth hunting anyway; they jump onto trees too quickly when fleeing. Even such a seasoned hunter as Opili wouldn't have a chance against them.

The lawn is framed by a flower bed on both sides. It smells sweetly summery here, and a few bees buzz heavily from bloom to bloom. I sniff around the edge but can't find anything interesting. Just as I'm about to turn around to run towards the front garden, I hear someone calling.

"Hercules! Hey, come over here!" Could that be Mr Beck? Revenge perhaps? I decide not to respond.

"Come on, Hercules, come already."

I slowly turn around but still don't move from where I am.

"So, if it's really important: Carl-Leopold, could you please come?"

Oh, a completely new tone. Beck obviously wants something important from me. But where the devil is he? I can't see him anywhere. Not on the lawn, not on the tree, nowhere.

"Beck, where are you? I don't see you." "I'm up here."

"On the tree?" "No, on the table."

On the table? A table? I can't spot it anywhere, completely at a loss.

"Up there on the lawn. Run behind the flower bed, then you'll see him!"

So I run behind the left flower bed and indeed see a large garden table, or rather the table legs of such a table. Not easy to spot from a Dackel's perspective, but that must be it.

"Exactly, now get on the chair, then you can see me."

What kind of game is this supposed to be? I look for a chair and find one right next to the table. Damn, that's high! Hopefully I'll actually manage to get up there.

"Listen, Beck, I don't know if I can do that. It's quite high for me. Why don't you just tell me what you want or, even better, come down here yourself?"

"That's not possible. You'll see why soon. So please, make an effort and jump!"

I sigh and take three steps back to get some momentum. Then I sprint and leap onto the chair. Success! Just barely, but still. A little proud of this feat, I look around with my head held high - and spot Mr Beck right in the middle of the garden table. To be more precise: in a bird cage that stands in the middle of the lawn.

"Now you see why I can't come down?"

Beck looks at me unhappily. I, on the other hand, have to fight hard not to burst out laughing.

"What are you doing? That's so weird! A fat cat like you in such a tiny cage!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Yes, thank you too for your sympathy. What am I supposed to do here? I had the historic chance to catch this annoying, old-fashioned parakeet. Unfortunately, I didn't consider that the cage door opens inward and now I can't get it open because I'm blocking it with my size."

"I mean: you're fat!"

Beck ignores this objection and looks at me intently, as a cat might through bars.

"You have to help me, Carl-Leopold. If old Meyer sees that I've caught her bird, there'll be real trouble."

"She can think so even if you're not in the cage."

"Yes, maybe she can. But it's not proof. My first master was a lawyer, and let me tell you - between belief and knowledge, people make a huge difference."

"Anyway, why should I help you? I'm glad to see you go to the animal shelter or somewhere else. I'll finally have my peace from you."

"Hey buddy, is that solidarity among pets?"

"Solidarity among pets? I don't know, I'd rather ask the parakeet."

I turn to leave, but Beck makes one last attempt: "Well then, call it as you wish. But if you've ever thought about burying the hatchet between us, now's an extremely good time. Think about whether it wouldn't be useful to have a friend in this house - someone who knows humans very well!"

Okay, he got me. I sigh. "So what should I do?"

"Come next to the cage. It can also be opened from above, but first you need to chew through the knots in the string, and that's not something my teeth can do alone."

I look at what he means. Indeed, the cage has a top flap secured with some kind of ribbon. The knots of this ribbon are outside the cage and look like a solvable task.

"I think I can manage that. But we'll have to flip the cage over, otherwise I won't be able to reach the knots."

"No problem. Flip the cage off the table - better a few scratches than sitting here anymore." "Alright, then watch out!"

With a strong shove, I push the cage over the edge of the table. It falls with a loud thud and lands on its side.

"Ouch!" Beck exclaims and shakes himself vigorously. "Well, that should help you get to the knots."

I jump down from the table onto a chair, then stand next to the cage and examine the situation more closely. Yes, this could work. The knots are right at the level of my snout. And for my skills as a thing-chewer, I'm quite famous - or rather, legendary. A fact that has cost Emilia one or two pairs of shoes. But somehow this skill does need to be trained.

In less than three minutes, the ribbon falls to the ground, and the flap opens - thankfully outward. The opening is quite small, but Beck forces himself through with all his might. Amazing how flexible cats are. In fact, they'd make great construction workers - but probably too afraid to face a badger face-to-face. So this parakeet was an easier catch.

Sniffing, Beck finally sits next to me. "Thanks, my friend."

"No problem. But tell me, did you really kill that poor parakeet?" "Pfu. I caught it, yes. But I didn't eat it."

"It's still alive? You mean you weren't in its cage when you chased it? But where is it?"

"It's embarrassing to admit, but the parakeet wasn't even in the cage when I chased it."

I look at Beck with wide eyes.

"Yes, I know what you're thinking. But here's what happened: The stupid bird wasn't in the cage. I went for a walk in the garden this morning. When I saw the cage on the table, I thought this was my chance. So up I go and right into the trap. I catch the buddy, bite down - and have that stupid plastic thing in my mouth. Get it?"

"Please? You actually killed the plastic bird? I can't believe it! How could you mistake a real bird for that piece of plastic? That's just ridiculous, ha ha!" I roll around on the grass laughing.

"Well, the plastic bird does look kind of like a real one," Beck retorts crossly.

"Yes, maybe from a distance. But it's completely different!" Beck remains silent. Clearly, my new friend is quite upset by my laughter. Okay, maybe I went too far.

"Hey, I'm not laughing at you. I just couldn't imagine how this happened."

Saddened, Beck looks at me. "I can tell you exactly how it happened: I'm a damn old cat now, with not the best eyes and even worse nose. That's how it happened. It's no wonder a youngster like you couldn't picture it."

Oh dear, someone's feeling pretty down. But this is also a silly story: to break into a cage without prey and then not be able to get out alone. I try to cheer him up.

"Come on, you can do many things I don't even know about."

"Like what?"

Gloomy, Beck stares ahead. I briefly consider - but only briefly - something that makes me genuinely envious of him.

"Well, you said it yourself. You know humans well. But I suggest a deal: now that we're friends, I'll help you understand them."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Something's not right, little one," she says, stroking my head. Then she runs her hand over my right ear, and I flinch. "Indeed, you have a little bump there." She now precisely touches the painful spot, and I let out a loud yelp.

"Daniel, can you come here? I need your expert advice. Hercules has a knot on his ear, and it seems to hurt him."

Daniel pokes his head out of his room. "I'll be right there, just finishing up something in here."

Hopefully Daniel can help me because the more I think about it, the more my ear hurts. By now, the itching has almost entirely been replaced by a constant throbbing. I rest my chin on my forepaws and mumble a little. It can't hurt to let people know how bad I feel.

"Alright, Hercules, let me take a look."

Daniel bends over me and gently pushes my right ear forward. I mumble a bit louder. When Daniel feels the bump, he carefully parts my fur.

"Ah, I thought so," Carolin looks at him worriedly. "Something serious?"

Brr, now I'm worried too. Will my ear fall off? Besides the fact that good hearing is important for any hunting dog, I'd definitely be the ugliest dachshund in the world if it did.

Daniel shakes his head. "No, no, don't worry. It's just a tick."

Phew, I'm relieved. I've heard of ticks surviving, after all. Although I've never had one myself, Emilia has always diligently searched us for them after our play sessions in the park.

"However," Daniel continues, his voice carrying a tone that makes the prospect of a falling ear not so far-fetched, "it seems to be infected. The bite site is quite warm and slightly oozing." Of course, we can pull out the tick with tweezers, but I'd have Hercules taken to the vet just in case."

No, please, not the vet! It gives me chills, and I feel my fur standing on end.

"Boy, Hercules, you look so mad," Daniel finds amusing.

I don't know what's so funny about it.

"Obviously, our new roommate understands us perfectly, and he definitely doesn't want to go to the vet." She hands me over to Carolin, who takes me onto her lap and gently pets my head. "Oh Hercules, you needn't be afraid. A trip to the vet isn't so bad."

So, with all due respect, I know this better than anyone here. Of those present, I'm the only one who's been a patient in this situation before—twice, even. The first time, I was still lulled by the friendly chatter until this figure named the vet suddenly pulled a fold of skin up and stabbed me with a needle. It must have been quite something to see - a needle into my sensitive fur! A vet isn't so bad? It's always amazing what people will say with such conviction. If only I could talk to them in these moments!

While I'm still debating whether all of my important and relevant thoughts can be reduced to a loud bark, the doorbell rings. Carolin sets me down and opens the door.

"Hello everyone!"

"Hello Nina! Boy, you almost made me forget about our plans for today," Daniel says disappointed.

Nina looks dejected. "Oh, why? What happened?"

"Hercules caught a tick, and it's infected. I need to take him to the vet right away. Later on, I won't be able to fit him in with all my client appointments."

"Too bad! But maybe the visit won't take too long, and we can go out for something to eat afterward? Then I'll just come along. Where should we go?"

"Well, I wasn't expecting to need a vet so soon. Have you got any suggestions, Daniel?"

Daniel thinks for a moment, his brow furrowsing - a sure sign. Besides, I need to get in the habit of looking people in the face more often. You learn a lot about their current mood that way. Even though I've learned quite a bit about "understanding humans," Beck could still give me some more lessons.

"Our old vet was great, but I'm not sure if he's still practicing. He was actually the best and most famous in town. Wagner, his name was, with his practice just around the corner on Hellmann Street. Call information, they should know."

Less than half an hour later, we're already seated in Dr. Wagner's office. The Escher-see vet always came to the castle, so my vet visit today is a bit of a novelty for me. And I have to admit: If it weren't for the pain in my ears, this would be quite interesting. From my perch on Carolin's lap, I can see that there are two rabbits sitting in the transport box under her chair. Crazy - I've never been so close to them before. I feel a warm tingling in my nose. I'd love to hop down and take a closer look at them. Maybe I could chase them around the waiting room for fun? Of course, just a little bit. Animal solidarity, you know. A quick nip in the hind legs wouldn't kill them. I realize that my ear hurts less when I think about this.

Slowly, I slide off Carolin's lap and take a moment to see if she's watching me. Nope, she's engaged in an animated conversation with Nina about their shared interest - Thomas. Gently, I let myself glide from her lap and land right in front of the rabbit cage. Carolin gives me a quick stroke on top of my head before turning back to Nina. I look around - the air is clean since the responsible rabbit person stands at the reception desk talking with a young woman. So friends, shall we play a little?

I press my nose against the cage. What a wonderful smell! I could bark loudly from joy! But I hold back, because if I do, the fun will be over before it starts. Instead, I try to pry open the latch that secures the small gate on one side of the cage. The rabbits stare at me, not looking thrilled. But that doesn't bother me, and so I use my teeth to turn the latch up. With a quiet "clack," the gate swings open. Fantastic! It works! Right away, I stick my head into the cage and try to grab one of the two rabbits. Fearfully, it squeals, clearly not enjoying the fun. Before I can actually catch it, something incredible happens: Its partner shoots forward and bites me right in the nose. I yelp loudly and pull my head out of the cage. Such a mean trick!
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The rabbits take advantage of their chance to escape and leap out of the box immediately. I bark furiously and want to follow them, but I don't even think about the fact that I'm on a leash. Nina gets caught in the leash, startled, as one of the two rabbits slips through her legs. She stumbles, sways - and falls straight into the arms of a man in a white coat who just opened the door next to our row of chairs and innocently calls out, "Mrs. Neumann with Hercules?" As I see him, a strange feeling washes over me. But I don't have time to think about it any further because the rabbit's owner has run up to us from the counter, calling out, "Bobo, Snow White! My poor darlings!" and tries to deliver a targeted kick at me. I dodge and crouch down under the next chair. Carolin is frantically tugging on my leash, and Grandma across from us, who's sitting with an older Cocker Spaniel, has an asthma attack from excitement. The man in the coat - obviously Dr. Wagner - still holds Nina in his arms, and I wait for him to let her go now and also start hunting me.

But nothing like that happens instead; Dr. Wagner starts laughing loudly. A very dark, cheerful laugh. A laugh that sounds familiar to me. Suddenly, it's as if I'm back at Schloss Eschersbach, sitting with Charlotte on the cold tiles in the anteroom of the horse stable. Almost, I can hear the voice of the old man from Eschersbach talking to the veterinarian. Dr. Wagner is not just any veterinarian; he's my veterinarian! Excitedly, I start barking - out of fear or joy, I don't know myself.

"Well, little guy, you've created quite a mess here."

Dr. Wagner kneels down in front of the chair where I'm still crouching and strokes my head. Now, Carolin leans over, unties my completely knotted leash, and pulls me out from under the seat.

"Oh God, Dr. Wagner, this is so embarrassing to me. Please forgive me, I hope nothing happened to the rabbits."

Pah! Traitor! What does it matter to them if the rabbits are hurt? She should be more worried about me - first, I'm struck by insidious ear fungus and now I'm being brutally confronted with my past. But at least Dr. Wagner knows priorities. He shakes his head, then takes me up in his arms.

"Don't worry, you don't have to feel embarrassed. This little guy can't be held responsible for anything. A Dackel mix, right? You must know that Dackels have been bred for centuries specifically to catch these rabbits." And against three hundred years of breeding, even the best-behaved dog can't compete. He strokes me; I lick his hands. "By the way, Hercules sounds familiar to me. Have you ever had him here before? We don't have a patient file on him yet."

Carolin shakes her head. "No, I'm a new dog owner. A friend recommended your practice to me."

"Well, then I guess I'm mistaken. I took over the practice from my father just over a year ago, and I admit that I sometimes mix up patients." He turns to Nina. "I hope I didn't get too close with my little rescue maneuver? Thank you very much."

Nina lets out a very strange giggle and says in a voice that sounds completely different than usual: "But no, quite the opposite. You came just in time, thank you."

"Alright then, let's take a good look at Hercules. Please come with me?"

He opens the door he just came through and gestures invitingly. Carolin goes first, and Nina obviously doesn't want to miss out on my examination either. She doesn't simply sit back down but immediately follows Carolin.

Dr. Wagner nods briefly to the young woman at the counter. "Sinje, please help Mr. Riedler catch Bobo and Snow White; they shouldn't fall victim to the next hunting dog."

Behind the door is a bright room with a table in the middle. Dr. Wagner sets me down on it and examines me.

"So, Hercules, where does the problem lie?"

"He has a tick behind his right ear, and I'm afraid the bite has become infected," explains Carolin.

Dr. Wagner runs his hand along my ear until he finds the lump. As he touches it, I jump. In all the commotion, it didn't actually hurt that much anymore, but now the throbbing is almost unbearable.

"You're right, it has become infected. I'll remove the tick and clean the wound. Then I'll prescribe antibiotics for Hercules. It's possible that he was exposed to some germs by the beast." Besides, I'll give you a plastic collar so he can't scratch himself at the site anymore.

Great! What a fantastic outlook for the next few days. I bet Beck will burst out laughing when he sees me with such a thing on my head.

"So, I suggest you hold Hercules' front paws steady while I put a muzzle on him. Just in case he bites any of us when I remove the tick."

"Can I do something to help?" asks Nina.

Is she trying to impress Dr. Wagner? She's usually not this sweet.

"Thank you, Mrs... uh..."

"Bogner. Nina Bogner."

With the muzzle around my snout, I no longer have a perfect view, but good enough to see that Nina is beaming at Dr. Wagner. All her teeth are visible. For a human, she has quite a nice set of teeth. Her voice, however, sounds unpleasantly like a flute now.

"Thank you, Mrs. Bogner, that's very kind of you," says Wagner. "But we'll manage here."

"I'm just so worried about our little friend here. I love dogs, you know."

Ugh, the babbling is driving me crazy. Hopefully, Dr. Wagner will be done soon, and we can go home. From the corner of my eye, I see him holding a kind of pliers now. He bends over me - AUCH! I knew that a visit to the vet always ends in pain. And today is no exception. I'd love to snap at Wagner, but the stupid muzzle prevents me from doing so.

"Relax, Hercules!" claims Wagner. "We're almost done."

He opens a small bottle and pours out a liquid. An intense, piercing smell fills the air. Ew, that smells disgusting! Wagner takes a cotton swab and dabs some of the stuff on it. Then he smears it onto the wound. AGAIN AUCH! It burns like hell, and this time I can break free from Carolin and jump up. Angrily, I bark at both of them.

"Hercules!" scolds Carolin, "Dr. Wagner is just trying to help. Now be good and lie down again!"

"Not needed, Mrs. Neumann," says Dr. Wagner. "I'm done. The tick is out, the wound is cleaned. Your helper will give you the collar and antibiotics. Hercules will get the medication in his food for the next seven days. That should have him back on his feet soon."

Ten minutes later, I'm sitting on Carolin's lap, and we're both back in Nina's car. Nina appears to be in high spirits; she even whistles happily as we drive away.

"So, happy mood?" asks Carolin.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Oh yes, that was quite interesting today. A kind of alternative lunch break. I've never been to a vet before."

"Well, why not? I always had the impression you weren't exactly a big animal lover. Your newfound love for dogs surprises me honestly."

"Why? Hercules is such a cute little guy. So, if we ever need to go back, I'd be happy to come along."

"Hmm, are you sure it's not about another cute little guy?"

"What? I don't know what you're talking about."

Here, Nina and I are on the same page. I still can't figure out what Carolin is talking about. Which other cute little guy? I haven't been able to find anyone else who deserves that title except for me.

"Come on now, don't pretend you didn't see him eyeing the doctor."

Nina says nothing but continues to whistle.

"Okay, admit it, he caught your eye. I get it. He does look quite handsome - and how he grabbed you right away, so old school."

Carolin giggles, Nina still remains silent. Human communication is a mystery.

Back home, I'd love nothing more than to curl up in my basket immediately. But that's not going to happen because before Carolin can even unlock the front door, Beck happens by completely by chance and hisses at me, "We need to talk, right now!" Is there ever any peace around here? On the other hand, Beck does look pretty serious, so my curiosity wins out.

"Fine, in the garden?" I sigh resignedly.

Beck nods and disappears. I look up at Carolin, start to whistle and pace back and forth.

"What's wrong, Hercules? Do you have to go?"

I bark briefly and run towards the garden. "Hey, not so fast! I actually need to get to the workshop right now."

I pause and whistle again.

"Alright, if it's that urgent..."

In the garden, I see Beck sitting under a tree. I squat down next to him.

"So, what's up?" I want to know.

Beck takes a dramatic breath. "I've made a sensational discovery."

SEVEN

"Where? I don't see anything!"

"Over there!" I squint at a row of houses across the street but can't make out any sensation that Beck wants to point out. Fine, maybe it's because I have this completely oversized plastic collar around my neck which limits my vision, but there's nothing we can do about that now. Beck huffs impatiently.

"Well, we'll just have to get closer then." He says, "Go run over!"

"Hold on, I want to know what we're even doing here first," I refuse. This was not the plan. Running is not really my strong suit anyway, I tend to get stuck on things all the time. Beck sighs. "We're here to solve your big problem."

"My biggest problem? Say it ain't so! You mean that I'm not actually purebred and Eschersbach has been hallucinating?"

In my mind's eye, I see a pedigree certificate as long as a roll of kitchen paper issued in my name.

Beck grunts. "Nonsense. Not that kind of paperwork at all. It doesn't matter to anyone." My biggest problem is Thomas."

"Okay...so you want me to get rid of Thomas?" I stare at Beck incredulously. "How exactly am I supposed to do that? Am I supposed to attack him and bury him secretly? I think you're slightly overestimating my abilities here, I'm a Dachshund, not a fighting dog."

Beck shakes his head. "My goodness, you're hard to understand. Not like that at all! You have the historic chance today to get rid of Thomas once and for all. But not if you just stand there like a statue." He says, "So come on, follow me!"

I let out a sigh. When will this day ever become less hectic?

On the other side of the street, I still can't figure out what has got Beck so worked up.

"Excuse me, obviously I'm not as sharp as you today. What's so important to see here?"

"Right in front of you."

"Huh?"

"In front of evidence A."

"Evidence A? You're making this sound really dramatic. I'm starting to worry about you." All I can see are two cars and a power box.

So, please, just tell me what's going on here already. I'd appreciate it if you could explain things instead of making me guess all the time. After my visit to the vet today, I'm pretty exhausted too. If you would just kindly tell me what this whole thing is about...

"Of course. You only see two cars. I see a BMW, black metallic. That's part one of a brilliant, seamless proof that will end with Thomas at your doorstep and you on his couch." He says, "So let's move on to evidence B. Mr. von Eschersbach, please follow me. We have an on-site visit."

Did I mention Beck used to be a lawyer? One very unpleasant side effect from that time is the random use of legal jargon. It's tragic how people can rub off on their animals. I wish it was the other way around. The world would be a much friendlier place.

"Come on, Dachshund! Climb up on the power box!"

Beck leaps to the top in one bound.

"What are you talking about? How am I supposed to do that? I can barely manage it under normal circumstances - and with this collar, it's completely out of the question." So either you tell me right now what all this is about or I'm going home.

Beck looks slightly offended. "I was expecting a little more enthusiasm from you. After all, I'm doing this for you. It could be entirely irrelevant to Thomas...but because you're a friend..."

"Hold on," I interrupt him impatiently, "what about Thomas?"

Beck jumps down and lands right next to me. Cats are so agile.

"Alright, let me write this down: This morning, as my usual little walk, I strolled through the other side of the park. There's better air over there, more mice, quieter...you'll see when you get used to it yourself..."

"Beck," I interrupt him again, "what about Thomas?"

"As I walked by here, a BMW pulls up right next to me. And who gets out? That's right, Thomas! He opens the door and - he's greeted by a young woman!" She wrapped her arms around his neck immediately! Right there in the hallway! I could still see it!"

I shake my head. "I don't get what all the fuss is about. People hug each other all the time. Maybe she just happened to be passing by and needed some support." Nina was also with that vet today...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"What nonsense, you stupid little dachshund!" Beck interrupts me harshly. "No, not at all! They kissed! Do you understand? Thomas kissed another woman!"

"Why not? I've seen it happen before. Carolin and Nina kiss each other on the face from time to time, that's just a ritual among people."

"With their tongues?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, do they kiss with their tongues?"

I'm confused. Kissing with the tongue?

"So, they lick each other? I've never seen people do that before. They don't even do that. That's a shame."

"See! Beck exclaims triumphantly. "They're doing it after all! But not always. Only when they want to mate. And that's exactly what I saw, I actually snuck into the hallway because I had a feeling: Thomas licked this woman with his tongue, and she licked him back. So, at first, they kissed normally, and then they stuck their tongues in each other's mouths. An undeniable sign! Here's a big scam taking place, and I've exposed it!"

This is clearly too complicated for a little dachshund. My ears are ringing, both of them, not because of the collar. Apparently, my confusion is evident, because Mr. Beck moves even closer to me and whispers conspiratorially.

"Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach, I'm delivering Thomas straight to the knife. He's cheating on Carolin with another woman. As you know, men and women like to form pairs with each other. And when they do that, they stay together. Anything else is deceit. So, having sex with a woman or man who doesn't belong to you is deceit. And kissing like Thomas and this other woman did is often the beginning of deceit. My old master, the lawyer, knew a lot about these things. Many men and women came to him who wanted to break up with their partner because they had been cheated on."

We had a specialist then who took photos of such cheaters so that it could be proven. You saw people on those photos often licking each other like that. When our clients saw the photos, they usually cried - and then my master helped them get rid of the cheater. That's why my plan is: We show Carolin that Thomas is a cheat - and then we kick him out. Brilliant, right?"

Now I'm also all worked up and wagging my tail wildly.

"And do you think it will work?"

"One hundred percent. A sure thing. We just need one more piece of evidence."

I stop wagging my tail.

"Darn."

"What about?

"The proof. How are we supposed to prove that? We can't even take a photo and show it to Carolin. And Thomas won't be stupid enough to kiss in front of her eyes. "

Beck nods. "You're right, that is still a problem. But I'll think of something. Until then, I suggest we intensify the observation. At the appropriate time, we will enter the proof-gathering phase."

I said it: legal mumbo jumbo.

"But you don't even know in which apartment Thomas is with this woman. And even if you did, how would we get in? "

"You're probably too cautious. And you're wrong on both counts. First: The apartment is on the ground floor. I saw the woman close a window. That makes things easier for us second."

"Maybe I'm misinterpreting you, or I hear a hint of sarcasm in your voice? Either way, I decide not to provoke him any further by leading this cat into a strange house, led by a cat that clearly isn't all there.

"Come on, hurry up! I can't carry you any longer!"

Beck groans and stumbles. I hesitate for a moment. The sill of the window is probably about a meter away, if I fall, I'll land hard. But we've come this far, giving up now would be a shame. In fact, we had sneaked into the house unnoticed with the postman and reached the back door. Now I just need to get from the back door staircase to the window of the apartment in question. So, I close my eyes, take a deep breath - and jump.

Maybe it was more like half a meter. Either way, I land almost effortlessly right in front of the large window. Uff. Two seconds later, Beck lands next to me. For some reason, I envy cats their agility. Even without the collar, I wouldn't get anywhere near as far as Beck. Both of us curiously peer through the window. Indeed, there they are: Thomas and this woman, and they're doing exactly what Thomas recently called "being in full flight." In the dark bedroom, it was hard to tell, but now the situation is crystal clear: We are witnessing a lovemaking session.

Beck cheers. "I knew it! Sex! Call me Super Sniffer Beck!"

He jumps up and down so wildly that I'm afraid we might both fall or be discovered. The latter seems less likely though, because Thomas and his companion are clearly very focused on each other.

"So, this is what sex looks like," I dryly observe after Beck calms down.

"Exactly. And people make such a big deal about it: who with whom and when and why. Can you believe it?"

Well, that's not unusual among dachshund breeders. The bitch's mating is always a big story: the right stud must be found, maybe even the approval of the Federal Breeding Commissioner obtained, then there's waiting for her heat, finally her readiness to mate... and on and on. But I'm digressing.

The point is: While the commotion among dachshund breeders has more to do with fulfilling breeding and registration regulations of the German Dachshund Club, it seems that humans are concerned about something entirely different. Something more serious than getting into trouble with the breed book office. Otherwise, this situation wouldn't be worth breaking up a couple like Carolin and Thomas.

"Are you dreaming?" Beck wants to know.

"No, I'm just wondering why it's so important to them."

"Love, of course!"

"Love? What does that have to do with anything?"

"Man, Hercules, you really need to start from the beginning. So, sex and love go hand in hand for human couples. But I can't explain that to you casually. It would take too much time. And we don't have it right now. Besides, what's more important right now is proving to Carolin that Thomas is cheating on her."

Fine, where the cat has his say, there's no need for a mouse. Suddenly, a brilliant idea strikes me. "Okay, if we can't take a photo, then we'll have to find something else."

Beck looks at me surprisingly. "Find something? What do you mean?"

"Something clear that Carolin will immediately recognize as proof of what happened." I carefully study the scene again. "Ah! I've got it!"

"You nasty, nasty pig!" Carolin is beside herself with rage. I'm thrilled. Our plan is actually working!
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"But, darling, let me explain..." Thomas stammers. "This is a complete coincidence, nothing more!"

"I found a black lace thong in your jacket pocket, and that's a coincidence? Do you really think I'm stupid?"

She should rather ask how stupid Thomas is. He didn't even find it odd when she dragged his jacket through the hallway earlier. That's just how it goes with pets—it comes back to bite you. And it did, bitterly. Carolin, on the other hand, was immediately surprised and looked at me. Then, the corner of the thong.

"Believe me, Carolin, I have no idea how that thong got there. Not even a tiny bit!"

Thomas sounds desperate. But he doesn't soften Carolin's resolve.

"I'm tired of your lies, Thomas. I've had this feeling for a while now—something isn't right. Those strange calls, all your supposed business trips..."

Carolin was right about that. It became clear to me in that moment when Herr Beck emerged from the terrace door with the thong in his mouth: I recognized the scent immediately—from Thomas and Carolin's bed! That was what I couldn't place back then: this woman's smell. She had obviously also slept in Carolin's bed! Unbelievable? Well, without having dealt with this issue for a while, I'm quite certain that this is another level of 'deception'. I hope Carolin doesn't give in to Thomas. He deserves to be kicked out. The chances are excellent. Carolin's voice isn't even remotely conciliatory.

"I booked the hotel back then on Herr Brodkamp—apparently a mistake by your secretary. The scent of a foreign perfume that I apparently imagine... Forget it, that's it! I want you to leave. And right now! I'm going to see Nina. When I get back, you're gone."

She turns around and walks towards the door.

"But—Carolin!" Thomas grabs her arm. "You can't do this. I thought we loved each other!"

Carolin looks him straight in the eyes and says firmly: "I did think so too. But apparently, I was wrong. Goodbye, Thomas. Come Hercules. Nina is waiting for us."

Carolin, I'm proud of you. She handled that perfectly. Not a flicker of emotion. Almost icy cold. From my position under her car floorboard, I can't see her well, but she definitely has a smile on her face. Finally, she's rid of the conman—and that's cause for celebration!

As for me, I'm happy. In my mind's eye, I see Carolin and me relaxing on the couch together during a cozy TV evening. Will I be able to sleep in the bed next to her one day? After all, it is quite large for one person. A little guy like me would fit well—oops! The car suddenly stops abruptly, and I'm pushed down hard into the floorboard. Ouch! Did we have an accident? I struggle to get back up. Suddenly, I realize why Carolin braked so sharply: She has her head on the steering wheel, face buried in her arms, and—she's crying. No, she's not just crying; she's shaking. Her shoulders are trembling, and I hear a sobbing that scares me. What's going on? Carolin isn't happy, that much is clear. Silently, I sit next to her, unsure what to do. How does one comfort someone?

Slowly, I push my nose under her arms and get a whiff of her face. It's warm and wet. I start licking it gently at first, then a bit more aggressively. Mmm, salty. Normally, Carolin wouldn't appreciate a dog licking her face, but in this case, she doesn't react—which is surprising.

Eventually, Carolin sits up, turns to me, and strokes my head. "You want to comfort me, don't you? That's sweet of you. I'm really glad I have you."

I try to make some sort of affirmative sound, but it doesn't come out. So, I lick her hands again. She chuckles a little. At least that!

"It's okay, sweetheart. You probably don't understand, right? Don't know what happened to you, poor thing."

Well, I wouldn't put it quite like that, but maybe it's for the best that Carolin isn't fully aware of the circumstances surrounding this whole affair. She wipes her tears away.

"Everything will be alright, don't worry. It will get better."

Is she talking to me? Or herself? In any case, she stopped crying and drove on.

Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach, I hope it was really a good idea to get involved in this mess.

EIGHT

"Hercules, old buddy, I wish you could talk." Daniel lifts me up onto his workbench and looks at me. "I'd really like to know what happened between Thomas and Carolin." He scratches my neck. "But she won't tell me—and you can't either."

To be honest, even if I could speak, I wouldn't tell Daniel what happened. Because now that I think about it, Beck and I never should have come up with the stupid idea of using the thong. When Carolin and I returned from Nina's place, Thomas was already gone. But nothing else had changed as I'd hoped. We're not sitting on the couch together like I imagined, and I'm not sleeping in Thomas' side of the bed. No, since Thomas left, Carolin has completely changed. She cries a lot. She doesn't talk to me anymore. She barely talks to anyone. And she hardly sleeps. She walks around aimlessly in the apartment, listening to music loudly—sometimes so loud that it gets on the nerves of the other residents—and when the neighbors complain, she just stares at them wordlessly and shuts the door. Although she does lower the volume a bit if they keep complaining. But nothing changes. She continues to wander around aimlessly in the apartment.

For four days now, she hasn't even gone to work at the workshop. She's been taking me down with her every morning, and Daniel looks after me during the day. He tries to engage Carolin in conversation whenever he gets a chance, but unfortunately, it never works.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The only nice thing about the current situation is the conversations between Daniel and me. Well, maybe "conversation" is a bit strong, but Daniel talks to me quite a lot. It's probably no wonder, after all we're mostly alone now. But I learn a lot about people in general and Carolin in particular this way, and of course about Daniel. He knew Carolin before Thomas came along. They studied together, you see, how to build these wooden instruments - violins and cellos and such. It was somewhere far away, in a place called Mittenwald. Just the name alone suggests it must have been a wonderful town, if only for that reason.

In Daniel and Carolin's violin-making class, there were lots of girls, but none like Carolin. Daniel noticed right away, and soon they were best friends. They even lived together. Many things that each of them did for the first time in their lives, they experienced together: the first big house cleaning, the first homemade roast on a Sunday, the first Christmas without parents. Only the first great love was individual to each person; it had the advantage, however, of allowing them to comfort one another.

When Daniel tells his stories, I almost feel like I'm a human myself. At least, I think I'm starting to understand how bipeds tick. Of course, Mr. Beck has explained some things to me as well, but hearing it from the subject himself sounds more credible somehow. With Beck, I'm not always sure if he isn't making parts up to make the story more interesting.

Daniel pats me on the head again, then sets me back down on the floor. "Alright, now I need to get to work or we'll sink into chaos," he says. "A special customer is coming soon. She might not be easily recognizable as a human - but as a man, I can assure you: a sight for sore eyes! An excellent musician, too. And temperament - oh la la! Not from bad parents, that lady. Sometimes she needs to be gently restrained, but it's always nice to see her."

He starts humming a melody and tidies up his workbench.

This is really boring. And perhaps this excellent musician will even play the violin; that wouldn't be for me at all. I saunter towards the terrace door. Maybe I'll run into Mr. Beck in the garden. Now that would make for an interesting conversation between pets.

But alas, no sign of Beck, neither behind the house nor in the front yard. Instead, I make a different interesting discovery: A young woman is sitting right on the low wall that surrounds our front yard. She's doing something with her face. I approach closer to see better. She doesn't even notice me; she's too busy... what exactly? On the surface, I'd say she's painting herself. At any rate, she first holds a sponge in her hand, on which bright paint is applied, and then smears that paint onto her nose. A moment later, she takes a pen and applies red paste to her mouth. Hm, strange.

The woman packs her art supplies back into her bag and stands up. Then she quickly bends down and shakes her hair over her head. It looks pretty much like a dog shaking itself dry after getting out of the water. That humans do that without water: another proof that bipeds are irrational creatures acting without logic or reason. In fact, she throws her completely dry hair over her shoulders. It's very long, very black, and very curly. It reminds me vaguely of the Hungarian shepherd dog who once visited our castle at Eschersbach. I suddenly wondered how he could see the sheep he was supposed to guard if he couldn't even see them properly himself.

Now I notice that the woman has a suitcase by her side. Clearly a violin case, as I now know. So this must be the musician mentioned earlier. Whether she's particularly beautiful in human eyes, I can't say; it's hard to tell since she painted her face so that its original form is no longer recognizable. The most beautiful woman in the world, however, is Carolin, and the rest don't interest me.

The painted woman approaches the entrance, I run back through the garden to the terrace door, and stand next to Daniel as he opens the workshop door.

"Daniel, my dear!"

She wraps her arms around him and kisses him. I do my best to determine whether she's kissing with or without tongue; I've learned a thing or two since then. Unfortunately, I can't really see anything because her voluminous curls obscure both faces. In my own interest, I hope this is just a normal greeting, because right now I don't need anything else. Especially not after my recent involvement in events. So far, the workshop has been a good retreat from human emotional turmoil, and that should remain the case.

"Wow, Aurora, you look fantastic as ever! Come on in, I've been waiting for you. Carolin is unfortunately sick and won't be in the workshop this week."

"Poor thing! What's wrong with her?"

Do I imagine it, or does her concern seem a bit insincere? I'd bet my life that Aurora is actually glad to not see Carolin.

"She has a bad cold. She has a pounding headache, and I advised her to take some time off."

"Good idea." Aurora raises her hand and makes a threatening gesture with her index finger. "Just don't catch it from her, my dear." She finally notices me too. "Since when do you have a dog?"

"Carolin brought him home from the animal shelter last month. He's a sweet little guy, right? I'm helping out as a dog-sitter while she's sick."

"That's nice of you. I'm not really a dog person, cats are more my style. But he is quite cute."

Grrr, cats are her preference? Maybe I'll give her a little tap on the heels to make her realize why.

"So, let me see this beauty; I'm curious." Daniel helps Aurora out of her coat and leads her into his workshop space.

"You're right, Daniel. She's absolutely gorgeous."

She hands him the violin case, he places it on his workbench, opens it carefully, takes the violin out, and turns it this way and that. Then he whistles in appreciation.

"Impressive! Cremonese school, no doubt about it!"

"I was thrilled when the broker called me. I'd been looking for such an instrument for a long time. Last week, the expert report was ready, and yesterday it arrived from London by express."

"So, can you fix it?"

Daniel looks at the calendar hanging on the opposite wall.

"Well, there's a crack in the lid, the curves are warped - but overall, it doesn't seem too bad. I'd say there's hope."

Aurora lets out a whoop and wraps her arms around Daniel again.

"I knew you were the best! Thank you so much!"

With a certain satisfaction, I notice that Daniel gently pushes her away from him.

"No problem, it's my job."

"When can we start?"

Daniel checks the calendar again.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Hm, wait a minute. This week is out of the question because I'm all alone right now. But for next week, I had you scheduled prophylactically; I'll definitely start then. It's hard to say how long it will take. It also depends on what else I discover when I open it."

Aurora nods and puts her hand on Daniel's arm. "Call me if you see more clearly. Are you coming to my concert at the Music Hall next week?"

"I don't know yet. There's so much going on here..." He raises his hands in a defensive gesture.

"Well, I just hope that poor Carolin gets back on her feet soon. You'd really be missing out. We could go for dinner and celebrate afterwards. The new violin needs to be celebrated, right?"

"Wow, Aurora, that sounds amazing. I'll see what I can do. Well, I have to go now." With a friendly but firm gesture, he leads Aurora to the exit and helps her into her coat.

"So, see you next week! I'm counting on you; please give it your all!"

Daniel smiles. "I will. And that's why I'll be working hard from now on."

He opens the door for her; before she leaves, she gives him a quick kiss on the cheek without language.

Carolin greets us at the door and looks somehow strange. She also smells strange—a scent I've sniffed once or twice from Escher's old man.

"Good evening, both of you, come in."

"Is everything okay with you?" Daniel asks.

"Absolutely, absolutely fine," Carolin replies.

Hard to believe: Even Carolin's voice sounds strange. It's dragging and muffled. I suddenly feel very uneasy.

Daniel goes behind me into the apartment while I run to my basket. He sits on the couch in the living room.

"Aurora Herwig was here today," he reports.

"Oh, the beautiful violinist! How is she doing?"

"She's doing great; she got a cheap old Italian master from London—Cremona, I think. I haven't read the appraisal yet. Aurora was ecstatic."

Carolin starts giggling. "Well, that's good to hear; then everything's fine."

"Say, Carolin, are you sure everything is okay? You look a bit off. I'm really worried about you, and of course, I miss you terribly in the workshop."

Carolin sits next to Daniel and puts her hand on his shoulder. "Don't worry; it'll all be fine. Next week, I'll be back to normal; I just need some rest.

Daniel hesitates then stands up. "Alright, well, I'm heading home. But promise me you'll call if things don't get better."

"Yeah, yeah, I will. Now off you go. I'm tired too and going straight to bed."

"Goodnight!"

Daniel tries to bend down to say goodbye to Carolin but she dodges him.

"Goodnight."

Daniel leaves; I'm alone with Carolin. I can't quite say why, but the uneasiness has turned into fear. Something's not right here. I'd love to chase Daniel and bring him back, but how? Ugh, something tells me Carolin shouldn't be alone right now—not "alone" in the sense of "without other people." I don't want to underestimate my company, but this place needs more than a little dog. Definitely.

Carolin sits on the couch for a while then stands up, goes to the stereo system, and turns on music again. It's driving me crazy: This music has been playing for almost a week; I could rip out my ears. I run to her and tug at her jeans. "Hey, pay attention to me, I'm here too!" But she just looks at me with glassy eyes for a moment before heading into the kitchen. I follow her. Even though Daniel has already fed me, I wouldn't mind some reconciliation sausage right now. It would be nice if Carolin thought of me once in a while; I'm starting to feel a bit offended.

Indeed, she opens the fridge—but only to grab a bottle. She takes a glass and pours something into it. Ah, that's where the smell comes from! Apparently, she's been drinking more of this stuff. As she makes her way back towards the living room, she almost trips on me. Ow! I bark loudly. That's not how things are done here! I decide to retreat to my basket.

A while later, I hear a rumble. Curious, I jump up and run towards the noise. In the living room, Carolin is just getting up after apparently having stumbled and fallen. Ouch! Has she hurt herself? I rush to her and lick her hands. She's not that mad at me.

"Thanks for asking, Hercules. Everything's fine; I just wanted to get something from up there," she says, pointing to a shelf above the couch. "The chair was wobbly, so I had trouble reaching it."

I look up at the shelf where several more bottles stand. Carolin stands up, puts the chair back in place, and climbs onto it again. This time, she succeeds, and she retrieves one of the bottles. The liquid has a beautiful golden-brown color, but as Carolin opens the bottle, a pungent smell hits me. Blech! That's definitely not for external use—Carolyn wants to drink that?

She does. She pours the liquid into her glass and takes a large gulp.

"Want some, Hercules?" she offers, holding the glass in my direction. I pull back and bark. "Oh, come on. Just try it," she teases. She spills some of the liquid onto the carpet. Carolin laughs.

"Finally, this filthy high-flory stuff gets an interesting pattern. Cognac on cream—that's what it is. I never liked it, but Thomas was into that 'live beautifully' crap." What can she be thinking? That's definitely not something you'd put in a dog's basket! Actually, she goes to the closet, takes out scissors, and kneels down on the carpet.

"Alright, let's see if we can make something useful of this," she says, lifting an edge and cutting into it with the scissors. "It's pretty tough." She grunts and struggles on—I'm really amazed. Soon, the carpet has lost its round shape and looks like a very large, very angry animal has bitten into it several times. Carolin takes a little break and pours herself another glass. The bottle, which was almost full moments ago, is now nearly empty. Carolin looks at me.

"Stay with me, sweetie?" she whispers. I definitely do; even though my sensitive dog nose is having a hard time dealing with her overpowering scent, I'm staying put. I hope the smell goes away soon.

Almost mechanically, Carolin scratches behind my neck. Then she mumbles, "I need to get some more," stands up, and tries to get up—but she can't. She struggles for a while before finally falling back down. Heaven help her; what's wrong? She tries to get up again but can't manage it.

"Help!" she gasps.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"She's not doing well at all," she murmurs, and then starts to gag. Her whole body is contorting, and it looks like she's in pain.

I suddenly feel an overwhelming fear. What should I do? What's going on here?

Carolin keeps gagging, and I see her spitting up onto the bright carpet—or what's left of it. Now everything makes sense: Carolin has poisoned herself! Probably with that stuff from the bottle! The last time I saw someone throw up was when my mom's sister Luise did, and a nasty neighbor had mixed something into her food. We need a doctor immediately, or things could get much worse.

I run back and forth, finally returning to Carolin's head where she now lies motionless next to her vomit. I bark loudly so she'll wake up—but she doesn't move. What should I do? Carolin needs help, and fast.

Maybe another neighbor will hear if I make more noise? After all, they did complain about the music. I bark and growl, jumping up and down. Three minutes, five minutes, maybe ten. But nothing happens. Exhausted, I take a break. Damn, is anyone even in this building today besides us? Not even Beck?

Carolin is still unconscious, her face slowly turning pale. I crawl over to her and listen intently. Thank goodness, she's still breathing. I lie down at the head of her bed, my snout on my front paws, listening to her breath. Sometimes it stops for a moment, and Carolin lets out a groan. What a terrible situation. And I've gotten us into this mess. It's all my fault—if I hadn't set Thomas up, he'd still be here, and Carolin wouldn't have poisoned herself.

I take another run at making some noise. This time I jump directly in front of the balcony door, barking. It's slightly ajar; maybe someone outside will hear me? I'm so busy jumping around and barking that I almost miss the phone ringing when it starts. Could one of the neighbors be calling? No, I know to this day that people don't make phone calls like that! But maybe this is my only chance to get someone's attention. I have to try, and quickly, before it stops ringing. At least I've figured out how to use the phone a little bit.

The phone is on a small table in the living room. Carolin always picks up when she's on the phone, so I run over and try to lift it with my snout. But that's not easy; the phone is quite large. On my first attempt, I don't get it right, and on the second, it falls out of my mouth. Grrr, today nothing is working out. Hopefully, I haven't broken it. Carefully, I sniff at the black object lying on the floor in front of me. Can we still use this phone? And if so, how? As I look closer, I hear a voice that sounds very far away. I bark excitedly! If I can hear the voice, maybe the voice can hear me too. Although I'm not entirely sure if the voice knows where I am, I give it my all: barking, growling, whining, yowling, and heaving—all in the direction of the phone. Occasionally, I listen for the voice again: It seems to still be there. Unfortunately, I can't understand what she's saying, but I think I've heard my name once. Does this phone actually know who I am?

Suddenly, the voice disappears, replaced only by a buzzing sound. Frustrated, I snarl at the phone. Probably all my barking was for nothing. I trot back to Carolin and lie down next to her. If she's in such bad shape, at least she shouldn't be lying alone.

The apartment is completely silent. For the first time in a long while, I would very much like to be back at Schloss Eschersbach.

NINE

Was I asleep? I'm not entirely sure. Now, however, I'm wide awake because finally something is happening. First, the doorbell rings, then after a while, a key turns in the lock and the door opens. "Carolin, are you there?"

By all that's holy—it's Daniel! I immediately run to him, jumping up and trying to lick him.

"Hey, hey, Hercules! That's quite a greeting. Where is your lady? We're worried about her."

Us? Now I realize Nina is standing in the hallway of our building.

"Daniel, I have a bad feeling. It just doesn't seem right that Hercules answered the phone and we can't reach Carolin anymore. And this smell—it's disgusting!"

"Okay, let's take a look."

He enters the apartment, and I run ahead to the living room. Come on, follow me! I stop next to Carolin and bark loudly. "Oh my God, Carolin!"

Daniel is right behind me, kneeling down next to Carolin. Nina also comes into the living room. As she sees Carolin lying there, she covers her face with her hands. "Oh no, what happened?"

Daniel takes Carolin's hand. "So at least she has a pulse. Carolin! Wake up." He shakes her shoulder. "Carolin!"

She doesn't move. He turns her to the side, away from the vomit, and wipes her face with a tissue he pulls out of his pocket.

"I'm calling an ambulance right now."

He stands up and goes over to the phone still lying on the floor where I dropped it. He talks briefly to someone, then comes back to us. Nina also sits down on the floor next to us.

"What does all this mean? Carolin unconscious, the carpet torn to pieces. How long has she been like this?"

"Well, I got home two hours ago. Before that, I left Hercules with her. She did seem a bit drunk—but okay, that can happen. She had also missed four days of work because she was so down. She promised to come back next week." Ugh, I should have pushed harder.

"What am I supposed to do? I knew Carolin was going through it with Thomas. But she didn't want to talk about it, and then I thought maybe she just needed some time alone. But when I called earlier and only heard Hercules barking on the phone... " She pauses and takes Carolin's hand.

"Good that you called right away."

"And good that you have a key! Hercules wouldn't have been able to let us in." Although, she reaches over and pulls me onto her lap, "You're quite the smart little dog, Hercules. You figured out that Carolin needed help, didn't you?"

"Exactly," Daniel agrees, "if you hadn't made such a racket, we wouldn't have gotten here. "
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The doorbell rings again, and Daniel lets in three men. The three look like they've been disguised; they're wearing jackets that strongly resemble garbage collectors — only I'm pretty sure these aren't garbage men. One of them immediately goes to Carolin. Before he kneels down, he briefly turns to Daniel.

"What's her name?"

"Carolin Neumann."

"Your wife?"

"No, a good friend."

The man does essentially the same thing as Daniel — he first shakes her awake.

"Mrs. Neumann, can you hear me?"

Of course not! We're already at that point. He takes her hand and feels around her wrist, just like Daniel. Damn, why did we call? This guy doesn't even come up with anything new. I try to get as close to him as possible. He should know he's being watched. However, now he does something we haven't considered: he opens her eyes with his fingers and looks inside, then pulls something out of his jacket pocket, at first resembling a pen.

"Hmm, there is a pulse, but weak. Quite dilated pupils."

He opens one of her eyes again and points the pen in that direction. Aha, a flashlight! Strange, what's he doing?

"Hmm, very slow reaction. She also threw up. Do you know what your friend drank?"

Daniel shakes his head. Ha, but I do! I rush off and find the empty bottle under the pulled-out carpet pieces, grab it, and bring it back professionally. The man with the flashlight nods approvingly.

"Well then, if that's not a thinking dog, I don't know what is! Very good! Let me see: at least she has good taste. But do you really have to drink an entire bottle? That's another question. To be honest: does she usually drink like this?" Hennessy VS.O.P.

Now Nina intervenes.

"Of course not! What do you think? Mrs. Neumann usually only drinks a glass of wine in the evening. But she's not feeling well right now, she just kicked out her boyfriend, that filthy pig!"

"Nina, please," Daniel interrupts, "this doesn't really matter here."

Mr. Garbage Man Jacket smiles and shakes his head. "No, it's all good. And actually does matter — do you think your friend might have taken something else besides alcohol? Maybe pills?"

Daniel and Nina shrug their shoulders.

"I don't think so," Daniel finally says, "but I'll take a quick look around."

Shortly after, he's back and shakes his head. "Nothing found. But I actually also consider that excluded."

The man nods. "Alright, my colleagues and I will take Mrs. Neumann now. She's definitely had a significant alcohol poisoning."

Is that very dangerous? Alcohol poisoning?

"I'll hook her up with an IV right away in the ambulance to lower the alcohol concentration a bit, then we'll see at the hospital. She'll probably stay there for the next three days." So, guys," he addresses the other two men, "then let's go."

The two men grab a stretcher from the hallway and place it next to Carolin, lifting her onto it. Then they walk her out. The third Garbage Man Jacket briefly says goodbye to us, then disappears as well. I notice a sudden feeling creeping up on me: sadness and loneliness. A little guy like me needs his mommy! Will I have to go back to the animal shelter?

"What do we do now?" Nina looks at Daniel questioningly.

"I think one of us should also go to the hospital. So someone's there when Carolin wakes up."

Nina nods. "Good idea. She really shouldn't be alone in this situation. What do you say, if you're already going ahead? I'll clean up a bit here, then come after."

"Okay. What about Hercules?"

The two look at me. I'd like to bark loudly, but only a pitiful yes follows. Not back to the shelter!, 
"Look how scared he looks! He must have been terrified as well. We can't leave him here alone. Plus, he's Carolin's savior, so he deserves a reward."

Finally, a sensible thought from Nina.

"I suggest I take him with me later. From my side, he can also stay with me tonight, then I'll bring him to the workshop tomorrow."

"Sounds good. I'll do night shift with Carolin — if necessary. And I'll handle Hercules tomorrow." 
"See you later!"

After he's gone, Nina starts cleaning up the mess in the living room with a bucket and scrubber. Once she's finished, she stands there dumbfounded in front of the remains of the white carpet.

"Can you maybe explain what happened here?" She wants to know from me while picking up one of the carpet pieces. She turns it around and grins. "I recognize this carpet — Thomas wanted it badly, but Carolin thought it was ugly. Plus, it was really expensive. It looks almost like someone cut her into little pieces here." She puts the piece back down. 
"Well, I'm optimistic about the patient's recovery."

What that has to do with sick Carolin, however, doesn't make sense to me. But it's reassuring to hear Nina consider it a good sign.

Before we leave, Nina goes through the whole apartment one last time to check if everything is in order. In doing so, she discovers something I had already long forgotten: She comes with the plastic neck brace from the bedroom, where Carolin had left it on the windowsill.

"Look what I found here, Hercules!"

Yes, I see it. Great. What do you want to do with that? You don't even have a dog, and it's definitely not going around a human's neck.

"We need to get this back to Dr. Wagner; he'll surely miss it."

I don't believe that, but if Nina is such an orderly, diligent person — fine by me. Just no more dragging me along and torturing me.

We're not going to the hospital anymore. Daniel calls and says everything's okay so far and he can stay longer. A huge stone falls from my heart. Just thinking about Carolin possibly being sick is terrifying. What was she drinking? I decide from now on to be more careful with her, so this doesn't happen again.

Nina's apartment is much smaller than Carolin's and smells completely different as well. Almost a bit dusty, but still quite nice. It must be due to all the books that are everywhere here. Almost every wall has a shelf, and each one is full of books. Big ones, small ones, thick ones, thin ones. Hard to believe she read them all. It's even harder to imagine, especially since I can't read myself. I still don't quite understand how it works. One thing is clear, though: you need an incredibly long time to look at a sheet with a strange pattern and something happens to people during that time.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
In her head, I suppose. Because from time to time they start laughing when they look at a sheet - even though nobody said anything and nothing else happened. Or they even cry. That's what I've observed with Emilia from time to time. She also reads a lot. So, what does paper do to the human head? Does it produce some kind of hallucination or dream? Should I ask Beck again when I see him, I definitely have to.

The next important question is obviously where I'm going to sleep. Because I realize that I am incredibly tired. Nina wouldn't let me sleep in her bed anyway. As I assess this woman, even my most beautiful dachshund stare couldn't soften her. Or should I try it? After all, she said herself: I deserve a reward.

So I get up and tug at Nina's leg a bit.

"Well, sweetheart, are you tired too? I'm trying to figure out where you could sleep. I don't have a kennel for you."

Now is the perfect time to tilt your head and look incredibly cute. I try it. Nina looks at me in surprise.

"Do you want to tell me something? You look so...so strange."

Strange? Impudence? I look absolutely adorable, bite-sized, instantly lovable! Now take a closer look! I tilt my head even more and pimp a bit.

"Hmm, are you sick? Or - do you want something specific?"

I bark briefly and run off. Somewhere in this house the bedroom must be, it's not exactly spacious. Behind the next door, I find it. I rush inside and sit on my doggy bottom. Nina follows me.

"So, that sounds a bit crazy and like - but do you want to sleep in my bed? Prince Charles talks with plants."

I cast her another loyal glance and offer a trick I haven't performed often: I make myself look silly! And it even works, I stand at least a minute as if made of stone. So, if that doesn't work, I don't know what to do.

Nina looks - and bursts into loud laughter. "That's hilarious! Hercules, where did you get that from?"

Offended, I sit back down. This woman clearly has no idea about art. And she apparently also doesn't know how difficult it is for a dog to go upright. Yes, as a human, that's nothing. Everyone can do that. But for me, that was quite good. Sneaky! I don't want to sleep in her bed anymore. I'd rather sleep on the doormat and anyway...

"Come on, you rascal! Hop in!" Nina quickly flips back the duvet at the foot of the bed and invites me to lie down invitingly.

I said sneaky? Nonsense. Nina is a nice girl.

"Good morning, both of you. Well, I don't know who looks worse - you or Daniel."

Nina and I didn't go to the workshop that day, but straight to the hospital. Daniel had been guarding Carolyn's bed all night. Accordingly wrinkled, he does look exhausted. That's a disadvantage again when you don't have fur on your face: an unhealthy lifestyle is much harder to hide.

Carolyn is very pale around her nose, but at least she's no longer unconscious. She sits in her bed and even manages to smile.

"Hello, Nina, nice to see you here. And thank you for bringing Hercules along."

"Well, animals are actually banned on the ward, but when I explained to the head nurse that Hercules is kind of your life saver, she gave me a pass."

Carolyn nods. "Daniel told me. Come here, Hercules, let me scratch you a bit."

Only too happy! Nina sets me down on the chair next to Carolyn's bed and then we cuddle for a while.

"Oh, guys, I'm so embarrassed! How could this happen? Unfortunately, I can't remember anything either - although that might be better like that."

Daniel takes Carolyn's hand. "Come on, you really don't have to be embarrassed. We're your friends. Besides, we of course expect you to hold up your end too when we eventually crack open a bottle of cognac and cut strange holes in carpets."

Carolyn blushes slightly. "Just stop it, I can't hear myself think!"

Daniel laughs. "Alright, my dears. I'm going home. There's a lot of work waiting for me on my workshop bench, and Aurora brought an important restoration project over to me yesterday that I really don't know where to start with. But first I have to take a quick nap, otherwise I might accidentally drill holes in Aurora's artifact where they don't belong."

When Daniel has left, Nina and Carolyn sit in silence for a while. I rest my head on Carolyn's lap and enjoy being scratched behind the ears.

"Carolyn," says Nina finally, "I'm seriously worried about you."

"Well, I'm not used to this. It wasn't intentional. But I wasn't feeling well, and then I drank a bit too much."

"Come on? You had 3.2 promille - one more drink and you could have fallen into a coma. That didn't just happen by accident."

Carolyn stops scratching me. "What do you mean?"

"You know exactly what I mean. Daniel told me that you hadn't been to the workshop all week. And that he takes care of Hercules during the day because you're not doing well. "

Carolyn remains silent.

"Of course, I'm worried about you. Man, Carolyn, I know you don't want to hear this, but Thomas was no tear in my eye. For years he treated you badly, and I was really glad when you finally got rid of him. Of course, you're not feeling well now, but that's normal, and you'll get over it. Please don't think that your life will be sad forever. That's not the case."

Carolyn starts to cry, Nina hands her a tissue.

"Since Thomas is gone, I feel so lonely. I'm afraid I'll never be happy again. I always wanted a family, children. But I'm further away from that than I ever thought. In essence, I only have Hercules."

What do you mean by "only"? A loyal dog is better than a deceitful scoundrel! I will never let Carolyn down like that. Quickly, I lick her hands. Nina nods at me.

"You understand, Hercules, right? But she's so cute - I can understand Carolyn. A dog isn't a human."

I want to shout, because at least on me you can rely. Thankfully! "Well, Thomas wasn't perfect, of course not. But who is? I think now that maybe I should have forgiven him. Maybe I was too hard on him."

Nina snorts in disdain. "So please! That sounds very much like...I don't understand how such a great woman as you could sell yourself short like that. You'll meet the right man, I'm sure of it. And then you'll realize that today, from this point onwards, was your lucky day."

Carolyn looks doubtful. "Well, if fate wants it, I guess I could meet my prince in the park behind our house. I wouldn't have to look far."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Of course, that's it! A brilliant idea comes to me. We need a prince! And who better than Carolin? She saved me when I was in dire straits. And now I'll save her. Even if I have to dig up the whole park for it.

TEN

Hopefully we're heading home right away. I absolutely must tell Beck about my sensational plan. The basic framework is already there, but I need a deep people-reader for the crucial details. Someone just like Mr. Beck.

Finally, Nina pulls over, gets out of the car and opens my door. In that moment as I jump out, I see it: We're not home. Worse still: Nina pulls out my plastic collar from the back seat. No way - I sense something bad is coming. We're back at the vet's!

The car door isn't fully closed yet, so I quickly hop back onto the passenger seat. That stupid plastic piece can wait for Nina to deal with it; she doesn't need me for that.

"Hercules, what's going on? Get out, we're heading to Dr. Wagner."

I growl and bare my teeth. There's no way I'm leaving here. Plus, I feel fantastic. My ear no longer hurts, and I don't have any other issues. What's this all about?

"Now come on, sweetie, jump out!" Nina urges me.

I firmly shake my head. Nina sighs, rummages in her handbag, then pulls out my dog leash. Does she want to drag me there by force?

She does - because shortly afterward, she secures the leash around my collar and gently but resolutely guides me towards the sidewalk. Clearly, she means business. I briefly consider whether I should stubbornly resist her, but given our size difference, I'd lose. It's heartbreaking!

At the clinic, Nina leads me to the counter and hands over the collar to the receptionist.

"I'd also like to speak with the doctor. He should take another look at Hercules. He's such a sensitive little guy, and I'm always worried about him."

"That's not really necessary," the assistant replies, smiling.

Right, good girl!

"Still, if you insist. But you'll have to wait for a moment. There are still some patients ahead of you."

Just then, Dr. Wagner pokes his head out from behind the treatment room door.

"Oh, hello Mrs. Bogner!" he greets Nina. "Back with... uh...?"

"Hercules," she helps him out.

Great, he still remembers my name, but has forgotten mine. Maybe Wagner should switch from veterinary to gynaecological medicine.

"Right, Hercules. The dachshund mix." Grrrr!

"So, I wouldn't say there's a problem exactly," Dr. Wagner says, grinning. "But I'm taking care of the little guy right now because Mrs. Neumann is sick. And I don't want to make any mistakes, so it would be very important if you could take another look at Hercules, just to make sure everything is okay with him."

Dr. Wagner chuckles. Too funny, ha, ha!

"Alright then, come on in."

A moment later, I find myself on the examination table, and Dr. Wagner holds my ear in his hand. He smoothly runs his hand over my fur and passes his finger once more over the spot where the tick had attached itself.

"I can assure you, everything looks very good. Hercules is back to his old self."

"Hmm, are you sure? What about Lyme disease? I read recently that dogs can get it too."

Lyme...what? I prick up my ears.

"Then close monitoring would be sensible, right? Not that anything should happen to Hercules! That would be unforgivable. Better come back next week for another checkup. Maybe we could even take some blood?"

What?! In one bound, I jump off the table, glower at both of them, and bark short but loudly.

Wagner laughs. "See, Mrs. Bogner? Hercules doesn't like your suggestion at all. And frankly, I don't either. Lyme disease is rare in Hamburg, and Hercules looks completely healthy."

"Oh, so?"

Nina looks very disappointed. She's clearly a sadist.

"But I do have another proposal: Before you keep dragging this poor dachshund to me - just ask me if I want to grab a drink with you when you see me again."

Nina gasps and looks utterly shocked. Why on earth? I think the proposal is brilliant.

"So, really...I...I..." Then Nina breaks into peals of laughter and can barely calm down. "Alright, you've got it. Tonight at 8:00 in the Cavallol."

Wagner nods. "Very much so, Mrs. Bogner. Very much so."

Nina drives while whistling loudly and cheerfully. She laughs to herself again and again. Then she turns briefly towards me.

"Goodness me, it's incredible. I asked him if he'd go out with me tonight, Hercules! You bring me luck. That's for sure."

Cavallo

It's nice to hear that, but somehow I'm still not entirely clear what the big deal is about this whole situation. Wagner said she could just tell him when she wants to see him. And why was Nina so shocked? It seems communication between men and women is even more complicated than a dog would initially suspect. There must be some secret code, one that has been hidden from me until now: "He says something, she says something."

We pull up in front of our house. Finally, home! I didn't stay out long, but I'm eager to discuss my brilliant plan with Mr. Beck and figure out how to put it into action. Nina and I walk through the garden to the back door of the workshop. She knocks on the window, and two seconds later, Daniel opens it.

"Up and at 'em?" Nina asks.

"Yeah, more or less. I'll just go to bed earlier tonight, then I'll be fine."

"Can you take Hercules with you today? I have a date this evening, but it's definitely a no-pets event."

"Oh, a date?"

"Sort of."

"And details?"

"Maybe later."

"Then I say...forward!"

"Hail and farewell!"

I'm buzzing! How many times have I heard that phrase at Schloss Eschersbach. And every time it was the prelude to a great adventure, one I was too young for. Only Mama and her sister were allowed to go. Opili was too old, but he stayed home with us and told stories of the grandest thing a dachshund could experience: hunting. He always embellished his tales so that I always felt like I'd been there myself. The scent of rabbits, the trail of red deer, the smell of excitement and joy - wonderful! How excited I was for my first hunt. I knew it would be my true calling: to roam the forests with my hunter! Hail and farewell!
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A fine tingling sensation runs through my nose - Nina and Dr. Wagner are going hunting! I'm so excited that all of a sudden, my conversation with Mr. Beck doesn't even matter to me. Dr. Wagner suddenly appears in a whole different light. A hunter - no wonder Nina wanted to see him again! But why don't they take me along? I lie down right in front of Nina's feet and howl. I want to go too! Absolutely!

"One thing is certain: Hercules, the previous owner, was a hunter. Look how he reacts to the 'halali' - that little guy is really worked up!" Daniel bends down to me and scratches my belly. "But unfortunately, you misunderstood. The type of hunt Nina is going on tonight is boring for small dachshunds. You wouldn't miss anything if you stay with me."

My communication problem rears its head again. And it's not just between men and women, but also between women and dachshunds. Disgusted, I decide to look for another four-legged friend in the house. At least one who understands me. And what's more important: someone I understand.

"Come on, don't hang your head! I don't think Nina is actually going hunting. Anyway, she definitely isn't hunting hares. Rather, this veterinarian." Beck grins.

I groan inwardly. Now he's also started speaking in riddles! Humans just don't get along with animals.

"When men or women talk about the other gender in terms of hunting," Beck lectures now, "it's not about going into the forest together and shooting the next wild boar. Rather, it usually involves the art of courtship. You understand? Men hunt women, and women hunt men. But not literally meant."

I shake my head in disbelief. "Why? Why don't they just say what they mean?"

Beck shrugs his shoulders. "No idea. For some reason, the one the other wants as a partner can never find out. On the contrary - you have to act like you don't want anything to do with them."

"Got it. That's similar to hunting then. Creep up slowly and silently. Keep the prey safe until the end. That's how you catch even the smartest ones."

"Right. So, this whole courtship thing is more like a hunt than a drive." I muse. "Which makes sense when you consider that Nina found it unpleasant when the veterinarian immediately noticed she wanted to 'hunt' him. Using the metaphor, of course."

"Exactly. A man can't seem to notice a woman's interest in him, or else it won't work."

As Beck says this, I suddenly remember what I actually wanted to tell him. "By the way, have you heard about Carolin? She's not doing well."

"Oh, I didn't know humans could go to the hospital for something like that!"

"Yes, but she's in the hospital! It's serious!"

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. But I thought Thomas was still around?"

"He left. And Carolin is miserable."

"Well, that's too bad. But it could have been worse."

I agree, and I don't want to argue with the cat. So I take a conciliatory tone.

"Calm down - I'm not trying to start an argument. I just have a great idea."

Beck looks at me suspiciously but says nothing. Instead, his tail tip starts flicking rapidly. To emphasize my words, I stretch and take a deep breath.

"So here's the plan: We find Carolin a new man - a prince at least. A really great one."

Ta-da! I'm curious about Beck's reaction. Unfortunately, none comes.

"Hey, still mad?"

"No. But that idea is ridiculous."

"Why? I think it's fantastic."

"Because you have no clue about people, or women. "

Now I'm the one looking offended.

"Hercules, how do you even suggest this? I'm pretty sure a young woman's taste in men and a small dog's are completely incompatible."

"But that's exactly the point! Carolin's taste in men is terrible!" Beck counters. "If we wait until she picks someone herself, we might as well have Thomas back in the house. She just doesn't know what's good for her."

"Well, you do, or so you say."

"I do indeed. We need to find a man I'd feel comfortable hunting with. A stand-up guy, of course, since Carolin isn't just anyone. But also someone who would treat his dog well - feed him regularly and take him for lots of walks. Because if you treat your dog that way, you'll likely treat your wife the same." But Carolin doesn't seem to notice those basic things."

Mr. Beck sighs. "Of course she doesn't. She's a human, not a dachshund. Forget about it?"

"No, but..." The poor cat, maybe it's old age.

"Listen: women don't like nice guys. That's why Daniel isn't with Carolin, even though he's obviously head-over-heels for her. She likes him too, but he's just too nice to her."

"You mean...?"

The cat is right - it must be horrible if women intentionally choose unpleasant types like Thomas. But that can't be true! It would ultimately mean that women are mistreated. Mr. Beck must be mistaken; otherwise, my prediction for Carolin's love life is bleak. On the other hand: in one point, Beck is right. Daniel is really nice and I do feel he has a soft spot for Carolin. Everything seems to fit... so there must be a reason why Carolin fell for Thomas instead of Daniel.

For a while, Beck and I sit silently side by side. I need time to process what I've just heard. My beautiful plan - sadly, I rest my head on my front paws.

"But," Beck says after a moment, "if I think about it... maybe your idea isn't so bad after all. It's true that we animals have a much better understanding of people than humans do themselves. Perhaps we can save Carolin from her next disaster."

"And how would we do that? You just said yourself it wouldn't work!"

"True," Beck admits, "but that's the exciting part about our new task."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Also los! Hier ist das ideale Revier!" Beck looks at me skeptically. "How do you even come up with that?"

"Nina said there's a plethora of princes here in the park."

"Did she really?"

"Not exactly, but something like that. So maybe she didn't say 'plenty', but there are some guys around for sure."

We're standing in the park, scanning for men. We don't quite know what we'll do when we find one, but we've decided to let the situation inspire us and then improvise. However, Beck's pessimistic attitude is really getting on my nerves today. He thinks a rainy day isn't ideal for finding a man in the park.

But we have to get started eventually, because Carolin has been home for three days now. She doesn't look particularly happy, but at least she's working in the workshop every day again. I take that as a sign that things are slowly getting better.

"There! I see one! Over there!"

Excitedly, I run towards the direction where I just saw a pair of legs under an umbrella. After two meters, I realize Beck has no intention of following me. I stop and turn to him.

"Hey, what's up? Why aren't you coming with?"

"Hercules, you crazy little dachshund! That's clearly a woman!"

"How do you know? You can only see the legs. And with this rain, I can't smell if it's a man or a woman. We need to take a closer look. Come on, at least make an effort!"

The hangover is really bad today. He doesn't even seem remotely guilty; he grins at me widely.

"You've got a lot to learn, my friend. Under the umbrella is definitely a woman. I don't have to run through half the park for that."

"Well, how do you know? For someone who can't tell a plastic companion from an actual bird, you're getting pretty big-headed."

Beck completely ignores my side comment and instead signals towards the target person with his paw.

"Take a good look. The umbrella has a very distinctive flower pattern."

Hmm, that's true—the large and small flowers form interesting circles.

"So, lesson number two: Flowers equal women. You don't even have to bother looking anymore. I've never met a man who'd walk around with a flowery umbrella. Let's save our energy for the real deal."

I wonder what the point of all this is. Don't men and women recognize each other anyway? Their noses are almost completely numb, so maybe they need some help.

We hang out in the park for another ten minutes without anything happening. It's a large park, but quite round, so you have a good view from anywhere. Nothing. No one is walking around. I'm starting to feel damp despite my thick fur. Maybe Beck was right, and we should head back home. Just as I'm about to admit defeat, an intrepid two-legged creature appears. And this time, it's definitely a man—he's jogging quite casually from the park's right corner straight towards us.

"Huh, does he want to join us?" I wonder.

"Seems like it. He's probably trying to cut through since it's such bad weather." Beck teases. "He'll be here in a second. You wanted to improvise; now you have your chance. I don't really have a plan on how we can take a closer look at this guy, though. We wouldn't want to just pick anyone for Carolin, would we?"

So, seriously, why did he even come along if he thinks everything's stupid? As a hunting dog, Beck would've probably been shot by his master for defeatism long ago. On the other hand, the jogger is almost here. And yes, I still don't have a plan. I frantically brainstorm.

The jogger has almost caught up to us when I suddenly and impulsively jump in front of him, howling pitifully. It's clear that I'm in terrible pain and need help urgently. Let's see if this gentleman is animal-friendly and takes care of me. We can figure out the prince business later.

Two seconds later, I'm not so sure my plan was such a good one: The man tries to dodge but stumbles and falls right on Beck's nose. He lies there for a moment, then gets up, shakes himself off, and rubs his right arm. As he stands, he looks at me briefly—and lets out a roar: "Watch where you're jumping, you stupid piece of shit!"

Okay, that's definitely not a gentleman in the strictest sense. He swings his right leg for a kick, but before he can connect, Beck and I take off running and hide behind the next bush. Ouch! What a failure! Beck says nothing at first until we've both caught our breath, then he slowly shakes his head.

"Really, what was that all about? It could have gone so wrong. "

"I did at least something," I defend my unconventional approach to master-hunting.

"Ha! Pure operational panic! I wonder what you would've done if the guy had taken you out right away or landed on top of you. Then you'd be flat as a pancake. It's too much for me, I'm leaving."

I hang my head. There is some truth in what Beck says. Although I didn't imagine it would be this difficult. When Nina told us about prince-hunting in the park, it sounded so simple. Ugh.

Obviously, I look very dejected, because Beck nudges me and offers comforting words.

"Well, the world won't end if it doesn't work out on the first try. You also underestimate the effect of rain on people. Most don't like it very much and prefer to stay home. Look at them—no signs of movement. Even I, as a hangover, would find it too boring! But you'll see: As soon as the sun comes out, the park will be packed again. Then we'll stroll from bench to bench and pick our best candidates. And then you can pull your 'I'm a poor, sick dachshund' act one more time. It wasn't so bad after all."

I look at Beck in surprise. "Seriously? You didn't think the plan was that bad?"

"No. Acceptable. At least for someone who came up with it as a dog."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
I look up in surprise. Indeed: on the next park bench sits a man. Although the bench is probably still quite wet, he has made himself comfortable and is clearly preparing a small picnic, with a bottle already by his side and now he's rummaging through a bag that he brought along. I approach the bench closer to get a better look at the man. He doesn't exactly look like a prince. A bit wrinkled somehow. His hair is gray and slightly longer, individual strands keep falling into his face. Plus, he has a beard that almost looks a little like a Wire-haired Dachshund's fur.

"Hmm, do you think this is the right one? I have serious doubts."

But Beck doesn't buy it. "And if so? It's at least an opportunity - shouldn't we take advantage of it? If it doesn't work out, we'll at least gain some experience. Then we'll be well-prepared for the real top candidates."

That's a new perspective. Cats are indeed true strategists. And Beck has thought even further ahead.

"So, let's approach that guy. Then your 'sick dog' routine comes into play. Give it your all, rolling around, barking, the whole shebang. If he shows any concern, try to make him understand that you want to go to our house with him."

"And how am I supposed to do that?"

"Just like you. Improvise!"

Upon reaching the bench, I search for a strategically good spot for my show. The man hasn't noticed me yet, too busy with his bag. Occasionally, he brushes his half-long gray hair out of his face and tucks it behind his ears. I lie down on my side next to his feet and roll over onto my back. Then I start whining loudly, kicking my legs and writhing around. A picture of misery and despair - if he doesn't react, he has a heart of stone and doesn't deserve our Caro!

In fact, the man sets down his bag and leans towards me.

"Say, what are you? And what are you doing here?"

A strong smell wafts over to me, one of sweat... and... yes, exactly: and the stuff that Carolin drank in that terrible night. Unpleasant memories flood my mind, and I would love to call off this whole event right here. But from the corner of my eye, I can see Mr. Beck sitting just a meter to our right. He seems to be having a great time watching me. If he thinks I'm giving up now, he's got another thing coming. I'll see this through, wuff!

I wriggle around some more and try to add even more drama to the situation by squinting and twitching my nose.

"Oh, you poor creature, it seems like you're in a lot of pain! Come on, Willi will lift you up."

With these words, the man gently wraps his large hands under my neck and back and lifts me onto his lap. Instantly, I stop writhing. Not that I would fall off here and hurt myself. He scratches my belly, which is actually quite pleasant. However, it smells even stronger up here from the stuff Carolin drank. Hrks, this must be something really bad. Hopefully, he doesn't throw up right now, because I'm in a very awkward position.

"Well, little guy, you're not shaking anymore. That means your condition is improving, right? But what does Willi do with you now?"

Indeed, that's a good question. This is exactly the right moment for Beck's intervention. I hope he doesn't miss it and has thought about how to lure Carolin over. Even though I'm now firmly convinced that this man is not even remotely a prince or an acceptable candidate. Come on, Beck, where are you?

"Wow, there's another little friend! Where did all of you come from all of a sudden?"

Ah, so communication among the four-legged creatures works. I quickly turn onto my stomach and see Beck stroking Willi's legs. Now he jumps up onto the bench and sits right next to us.

"Meow, meowuuu, meowuuuu!"

Okay, cats can't really meow properly. To be precise, they can't meow at all. Beck sounds like one of the violins Carolin plays every day. Actually, even worse - I wonder what he's trying to achieve with that.

"Oh my, it seems you're not feeling well either. What's going on here? Are both of you sick or have you gotten lost?"

Willi scratches Beck's head with one hand and looks at him thoughtfully. Even if he isn't a prince, he's still a kind person. Whether that's enough? Beck puts his paw on Willi's arm and pulls gently.

"Ouch!"

Apparently, he uses his claws, because Willi quickly pulls back his arm. Beck hops off the bench again and grabs one of Willi's legs now. As well as possible with one paw, he pulls on the trouser leg and meows repeatedly.

"Now I wish we could talk to animals. I'd love to know what you want from me. Should I come with you?"

Enthusiastically, I immediately lick Willi's hands. They taste - well, let's just say they're unusual.

He laughs. "Hey buddy, you're going wild! Was that your answer to my question? You want to come along too?"

It's so easy to talk to humans. I had imagined it much more complicated. Or maybe Willi is just particularly sensitive. Either way, it doesn't matter. I jump down from his lap and approach Mr. Beck, who looks at Willi expectantly while wagging his tail excitedly. Willi stands up a bit wobbly. Once he's steady, Beck runs around him twice before heading towards Carolin's house. Since I don't have any other ideas, I follow suit.

"So, do you want to come along? A dachshund and a cat want to go for a walk with me. If I tell the lady from the Salvation Army this, she'll just push it off onto the choir director. Let's go!"

At this command, Mr. Beck and I make our way towards the park exit right next to our garden. Occasionally, I glance over my shoulder - Willi follows us dutifully. Only when we reach the gate do he hesitate for a moment.

"So here? It's a nice house. Not that they'll think I'm an intruder."

Ha! What a funny thought! A watchdog who brings in the intruder himself! I wonder how Willi came up with that. A moment later, we're standing at the workshop's patio door. I scratch on the glass, and Willi stands right behind me, peering curiously through the window, then finally knocks. Daniel opens the door a crack.

"Yes?"

Willi clears his throat. "Um, yes, to put it briefly - these two here below practically brought me to you."

Daniel looks down, now he seems to notice us for the first time.

"Oh, Hercules and Mr. Beck - what are you doing here?"

"So, the little dachshund seemed to be having severe cramps, so much so that he collapsed on the park bench where I was sitting. And then his friend here wanted me to come with him."

Daniel looks through the crack in the door and raises an eyebrow, which looks quite amusing.

"Ah, yes. The cat wanted you to come along too. I see. "

"Okay, I know that sounds strange, especially from someone like me. But that's how it was, you can believe me." And then they both let me in.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
At that moment, Carolin appears behind Daniel. "What's going on here?"

"The... uh... gentleman here claims that Hercules and the cat brought him to us after Hercules had a fit in the park."

Carolin stands next to Daniel and opens the terrace door wide.

"Well, you two? What did you do? Attacked peaceful park visitors?"

She smiles encouragingly at Willi. Hm, maybe he does like her after all? Daniel, on the other hand, rolls his eyes, but Carolin can't see that. Willi can, though. He fidgets nervously with his messy hair.

"Yes, so as I told your husband - they actually led me here. So, first they jumped onto my bench, then the cat pulled at my trouser leg and...", Willi hesitates, suddenly feeling embarrassed about the whole situation. "I don't want to cause any more trouble. The dog seems to be doing better now, so I'll be leaving."

He turns to leave, but Carolin takes a step towards him in the garden direction.

"Thank you for bringing them here. It seems they wanted something from you, unfortunately they can't speak. Maybe I should take Hercules to the vet later on. Better safe than sorry."

"Absolutely," Willi echoes. "That's definitely a good idea. Have a nice day." Then he leaves.

Oh no! What a blunder! To the vet. I should have known this would lead me back to Doctor Wagner. Disappointed, I hang my head, with Beck grinning beside me.

"Hercules, come in," Daniel finally says and gestures for us to enter. "And you, Beck, stay outside. I think you've had enough adventure for today."

Daniel seems angry. I quickly make sure to retreat into my box.

"Do you believe the story?" Carolin asks. "Do you really think they brought him here? Or did he just want a closer look at our back entrance to break in?"

"He didn't seem interested in houses, more like someone who'd break into the next kiosk for his booze. Not healthy, right?" Daniel laughs, and Carolin turns red. She abruptly turns away without another word and goes to her room. Daniel hesitates a moment before following her.

"Hey, I'm sorry about that," he says.

Carolin doesn't respond. She's clearly angry at him, even a four-legged fool like me can tell. Why, though, I don't quite understand. But Daniel seems to get it right away. He stands close to her and considers his options. Finally, he chooses the option I would have chosen in this situation: physical contact. He embraces Carolin tightly.

Suddenly, a tension fills the air as if old von Eschenbach had cranked up the transformer at the horse pen's fence.

TWELVE

"He's so sweet! Honestly! I think I've finally met a great guy."

Nina's eyes sparkle, and her hands speak for themselves. Even though our "Prince for Carolin" campaign hasn't been successful yet, at least her best friend seems to have found someone. For over an hour now, Nina has been sitting on our couch gushing about Dr. Wagner. Brr, just the thought of Nina voluntarily spending time with this dog trainer is adventurous enough. A man whose hands are likely stained with blood! Perhaps mine too! But it doesn't really matter to me; Carolin's well-being is all that matters in the end.

As Nina continues her monologue, my thoughts wander. If the weather improves, Beck and I will definitely resume our efforts. While we can't consider Willi a complete failure, Beck was right - it was a nice exercise, and we've made significant progress. Still, I'm not sure why Carolin thought Willi might be an intruder. Was it his peculiar smell? But surely Carolin wouldn't have noticed that; her nose is too bad for such things, and Willi never stood right next to her. We need to work on something there, Beck and I. I'll go look for him in the garden first. Assuming Nina ever wraps up her story and I can finally return to the workshop with Carolin. But unfortunately, that doesn't seem likely at the moment; Nina keeps talking endlessly.

"And his figure! So handsome! And those full brown hair! A bit like Hugh Grant. Don't you think?"

I perk up my ears. Maybe this conversation isn't as boring as it seems. Dr. Wagner is good-looking, then? That's an interesting topic for dogs, quite frankly. But what about humans? When does a person look good to others? Does he need lots of hair or fewer? Is height important - big or small? Do men and women have different standards? Oops, now that I think about it, this project "Partner Matching" is quite ambitious. Which makes Nina's current story even more intriguing.

"You didn't notice his incredibly blue eyes, did you?" Aha! The eye color! Apparently a crucial factor. "No, I don't think so."

Me neither. Although I have to admit, I'm not very good at distinguishing colors.

"They're cornflower blue! Can't you see that?"

"Nina, I know you might not remember - but when we were at the clinic, Hercules was in a terrible mood, barking and trying to kill two cute rabbits, causing complete chaos. Sorry I didn't get a chance to notice Dr. Wagner's deep blue eyes."

Carolin sounds slightly annoyed. Is it because of the unpleasant memory of that terrible vet visit? Because I behaved so badly there? Embarrassing.

"Oh, come on, you're in a bad mood. You should be happy your best friend had a date."

"Sorry, I'm just not in the right frame of mind. I promise to do better. So, apart from his cornflower blue eyes: How does he kiss?"

That seems like an important question to Carolin; otherwise, she wouldn't ask first. But how can Beck and I find a man who kisses well?

Nina chuckles. "You won't believe this, but I don't know. We've been out all evening, had great conversations with Marc, but we haven't kissed yet."

Got it. It's not something you can judge by looking at someone. You have to try it yourself.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Hm," Carolin says dubiously, "you? That's a completely new tactic. When did you start using it?" In his practice, nothing of the sort had been noticed. It seemed more like... I mean, you'd already been in his arms.

"Slow down and let things clear up?" Nina snorts indignantly. "I simply stumbled over your stupid dog!" And what does she mean by a new tactic? It sounds as if I always take them out with a shotgun.

"Well, to be honest, you haven't exactly been dainty when it comes to men in the past, if you like someone. More of a shotgun approach than precision shooting."

"Carolin, you can tell that you've not been around for a while. I'm young, single. If I like a guy, I don't wait for him to ride by on a white horse, I take matters into my own hands. Call it the shotgun principle - but what's wrong with that?"

Market? Horse? Shotgun? Nina speaks in riddles. Carolin, however, seems to understand what she's talking about.

"Fine, fine. You're right, I haven't been out there for a long time. I need to get used to it again."

Nina nods vigorously. "And I tell you this - don't wait around hoping the right guy will just show up! That only happens in fairy tales."

Wrong, my dear! It also happens when Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach personally takes care of things. Then you don't have to spend your evenings with a veterinarian either. So, ladies, let's wrap this up so I can tell Mr Beck about my latest insights!

"Say, do you think Hercules needs a pee?" Nina looks at me thoughtfully.

"Why? He's been pacing around restlessly all of a sudden." Not that he'd be likely to have a little accident under your sofa.

"I took him for a walk before you arrived, but maybe we're just boring him." I could let him out into the garden; I need to go back to the workshop anyway.

"Too bad, I thought you'd take some time off and we'd have another cup of coffee together."

"I'd love to - but I've been neglecting Daniel lately. I feel terrible about it."

"Come on, you weren't in a good place, and Daniel was only too happy to help out." Nina grins at Carolin and pats her shoulder.

"Don't smile like that. Of course Daniel was happy to help, but I don't want to overdo it. He has enough on his plate as it is. With Aurora's violin reconstruction, for example. That'll take forever."

"I'm about to cry. To be honest, I'd rather Daniel took care of you than some silly violin from a stupid violinist."

"Aurora is an excellent musician."

"She's a dumb cow who constantly hangs around your boyfriend," Nina persists.

"Daniel is just my business partner. In his free time, anyone can flirt with him if they want to."

Nina rolls her eyes and sighs. "Fine, fine, believe what you will. Daniel and I are friends, nothing more. Hercules, let's go!"

"Our ideal candidate has blue eyes and knows how to kiss well." I sit next to Mr Beck in the sun and report on my latest insights regarding people and partner selection.

"Then it's a done deal. It'll be easy as pie. I'll take a closer look at his eyes, and you kiss him. I hope, though, that you can judge whether he's any good."

I cast Beck a suspicious glance. "Why on earth do I get the feeling you're not taking me seriously?"

"Because it is. Your ramblings aren't getting us anywhere. Plus, we don't even know if Carolin likes blue eyes. She might prefer brown or green? And besides, a human eye isn't exactly huge. From our perspective, we'd barely be able to tell from five meters away what color a man's eyes are. And then there's the whole kissing thing - we're still light years away from that. If we get a guy close enough to Carolin for her to shake his hand, that's progress."

"So, if I am indeed such a stupid little dog, then I suggest you take over here and I'll just follow along," I reply sarcastically. "Go ahead, boss me around!"

"Don't get so defensive! Our plan is good. We go back to the park, and then we pull off the same trick as with Willy. Eventually, the right guy will show up."

"Funny thing, Nina just mentioned that too."

"See? She knows what she's talking about. Since I've been living in this house, I've seen Nina bring home at least five or six different men. We'll do it the same way - drag as many guys as possible. Like Nina does. Believe me, she's an expert."

I raise a skeptical eyebrow. "Oh? And why doesn't she have a boyfriend then? Her selection process doesn't seem to be working very well. Now she even brings home this horrible vet."

"Who knows? Maybe she doesn't want to keep them around forever? Perhaps they just... wear out after a while, and then she needs a new one."

"That's the first time I've ever heard of such human relationships. I thought the concept was eternal fidelity. That's what you said yourself, right?"

Mr Beck shakes his head. "Hmm, you're right. Yes, well... I'm just an old cat trying to make sense of humans. It doesn't always work." So, what now? Are we going to the park?

"Fine."

Action Shotgun can begin.

The weather is beautiful today, so there are more people in the park than you can comfortably take in. We decide to try the benches near our house first; then we won't have to drag men across a field if they actually follow us. Unfortunately, the two nearest benches are either occupied by women or Willy with his plastic bags. He waves at us cheerfully, incidentally. No point in trying that one.

Finally, we find our man on the third bench; he's tying his shoelaces. I can't tell what color his eyes are, but we had planned to ignore that anyway. Mr Beck and I edge closer, then we start the show - or rather, want to start it. Before I even begin, a young woman approaches the man, leans down, and kisses him. Then she sits next to him. I scramble back up, shake myself off, and sit down next to Beck.

"Darn, he already has a girlfriend."

Beck chuckles. "But we could ask if he's any good at kissing. That was one of your new criteria, after all."

"Ha ha! Very funny," I reply, feeling slightly disappointed because the man looked quite nice to me. The last thing I need is some overweight cat making snide comments.

"How about you pick out the next guy?" I suggest, sounding a bit testy when I didn't mean to be.

"Of course, my dear, of course," Beck replies with a smile. "Look, there's one right in front of us!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He runs a bit along the meadow, then stops in front of a bench next to a beautiful flower bed. Okay, I have to admit, the man doesn't look bad either. He's reading a newspaper, which seems to be a sign of some education, and it also allows us to sneak right up to his feet unnoticed. So I roll back onto my stomach and start barking. And not just any barking, but wailing pitifully. To such an extent that foam forms in front of my mouth. But the man only looks at me with boredom and moves his feet a bit to the side before standing up. Then he turns around and walks away. I'm speechless. Can't be! Beck runs up to me.

"Hey, what was that? Did he just leave? And abandoned you to your sad fate? Unbelievable how heartless these people can sometimes be!"

We watch the man. Now he stands still and looks in our direction again. Perhaps remorse finally strikes him? He scratches his pocket. Maybe salami? No - he takes out his phone and starts dialling. I inch closer to him because my instinct tells me it's about me now.

"Hello, police? Yes, Diekamp here. Well, you might be surprised, but I want to report a suspected case of rabies. " He pauses. "Yes, yes. Right, here in Hamburg. Good, connect me."

Another pause, the man stands there and intently listens into his phone. 
"Good day, Diekamp. My name is... I've already told your colleague - I want to inform you about a suspected case of rabies. In a dachshund. In Hamburg. Exactly. Mhm, mhm..."

The man walks back and forth and stares at us. When he sees that I've come closer, he takes a few steps back. 
"Well, how does it manifest? I'd say sudden, uninhibited attachment, seizures, almost some foam in the mouth. Hmm, Hamburg is not a rabies area? Is no part of Germany a rabies area? I understand - but maybe they should still send someone by, just to be safe?"

By now Mr. Beck is standing next to me. 
"Tell me, what's this guy so excitedly talking to?" he wants to know.

"I think he's talking to the police," I reply. "He told them I have rabies. I'm a damn good actor - if people even think I'm rabid! You know, normally only foxes get that. Opili told me so." It's dangerous, and a good hunter must always be very careful not to get bitten. A good hunting dog of course also has to look out for himself."

My voice has taken on a slightly smug tone, but that's okay, after all I do know a lot about hunting. Theoretically at least. 
"What?!" Mr. Beck shakes his head and laughs.

"Yeah, it's weird, right? And now he wants them to come by especially."

Beck stops laughing. "Seriously? Ugh. We should get out of here fast then."

"Why? This is finally getting interesting. Apparently he doesn't just care about me, and maybe he wants the police to find out where I live."

I'd say Mr. Beck is simply jealous of my acting talent and the effect I have on him. 
"Nonsense, you silly dog. What would the cops do with an animal that might be suffering from a very dangerous disease like rabies? They wouldn't take it home, they'd put it down! Maybe even right away!"

"Put it down?" I echo uncertainly.

"Exactly. They'll kill it." 
"They'll kill it?" I'm startled.

"That's right. They do that in a flash. They know nothing!"

I hear a terrified whimper and realize it's me making those strange sounds. Mr. Beck looks at me intently. 
"Exactly, my friend. You heard that right. And if I may say so, there's exactly one option we still have."

We both simultaneously shout "Run!" and take off as fast as we can towards the park exit, past Will, who is sitting on his usual bench and staring at us in surprise. 
When we reach our house, I'm drenched in sweat. Not from exertion, but from fear. What a terrible word! We slip through the garden gate and lie down in the shade of the big tree. We remain silent for a while, exhausted. Then I sit up. 
"I don't know, Mr. Beck. My plan wasn't so great after all. Or at least not in this form. "

Beck shakes his head slowly. "Don't give up so fast. The basic idea is right. We just need to narrow down our selection a bit. So not every man sitting in the park on a nice day is automatically a candidate."

"But that was exactly our approach - and by the way, your suggestion. I only said shotgun."

"Well? What's my yesterday's talk got to do with it? You have to get smarter. I think the secret of our success will be in making a targeted selection. And then we strike!"

"I don't know," I mumble, "how are we supposed to make that selection?"

Beck ponders for a moment - but only briefly. 
"We need to see men with Carolyn's eyes."

"Great, how am I supposed to do that? "

Instead of answering, Beck jumps up. 
"Come on!" he calls over his shoulder. "I just had an idea.""Yes, that's definitely clear. But I can't blame him. The weather is really nice, actually too beautiful to spend the whole day in the workshop. I'll go for a walk with him right now. It's also better for my mood."

Daniel nods. "You're right. What do you think if I join you?"

"Oh no! That doesn't suit me at all. After all, I'm doing all this just to find a new man. With emphasis on 'new'. It's more of an obstacle when you already have a man with you."

But nobody asks me, and so it is that Carolin finally hooks the leash to my collar, while Daniel reaches for his jacket, and we leave the workshop as a trio. In the garden, we pass Mr Beck, who had already positioned himself for shade.

"Hey, what's this? Is he coming with us?" I whisper to him.

"Do you think that was my idea?" I reply in a hushed tone. "But tell me, how could I have prevented this?"

Beck shrugs and seems to want to say something else, but we've already passed him by.

As we walk towards the park, I wonder if my plan can still be implemented under these circumstances. Will Carolin notice other people if she's constantly talking to Daniel? It's so frustrating - I can't pretend to be a sick dog because Carolin is here, and keeping an eye on her brings no benefit because of Daniel. Grrr!

"It's strange - I work right next to such a beautiful park, but I'm hardly ever here."

Exactly, Daniel, I think to myself, and why today?

"Yes, you don't usually do this so rarely. Although I must say that I spend much more time outdoors with Hercules than before. However, I've been neglecting him lately. I feel guilty about it, and he even came with his leash today to remind me of my 'lady duties'." She bends down to me and strokes my head. "Come on, Hercules, you haven't had an easy time with your lady either. But things will definitely get better, you'll see. I hope you don't miss the animal shelter!"

Me? Longing for the animal shelter? What an absurd thought! Even though finding a master isn't exactly going smoothly - Carolin doesn't seem to realize how uncomfortable it can be in a ten-square-meter space with guys like Bozo and Boxer.

Since the weather is really nice, and we've already got Daniel stuck with us, I decide to simply enjoy this walk as it is. In fact, Carolin hasn't been out much with me lately. Not at all, actually. We trot along one of the winding gravel paths, and I sniff each tree that stands by the roadside in pure delight. Wonderful! Important dogs have already passed here; I can smell them clearly. And thanks to my training in the garden, I can now add my scent mark with skill. I do this liberally. Carolin and Daniel stroll rather than walk determinedly, so I have plenty of time for the important things in a dog's life.

Now, however, they're even going too slowly for my taste. Probably because they're so engrossed in their conversation. Annoying. People just have to talk all the time. I pull on the leash a bit. Come on, move it! I've already sprayed every bush here!

But Carolin and Daniel don't notice me at all. Instead, they steer towards the next park bench and sit down. Well, that's not going to work! But then Carolin could at least take the leash off me, then I'd go explore on my own. So I jump up onto the bench with them and rest my head in Carolin's lap. I've neglected Hercules, and I need to change that urgently.

Hmm, am I imagining it or is there once again that strange tension in the air? Daniel seems nervous, and Carolin looks excited. It wouldn't be surprising, as I can barely contain myself after being cooped up for so long. In a way, humans are just big animals. They don't want to admit it. I sniff Carolin's hands and try to lick them. Maybe that will calm her down.

Before I can even get my tongue around one of Carolin's handrubs, Daniel suddenly places his hand on my nose. Hey - what's that for? I'm very sensitive when it comes to my nose. I growl briefly, and Daniel quickly withdraws his hand. Clearly, he startled me. But I startled him too. What does he want with my nose? I blink up at him, but he acts like nothing happened. Strange. A few minutes pass in silence; neither Carolin nor Daniel says a word. Actually, it's quite nice. Then Daniel clears his throat.

"Say, what do you think about doing something together this week?"

What on earth is he talking about? The two of them do something together every day! Carolin clearly agrees with me. She chuckles.

"And what had you thought of a cello or a violin?"

"Ha ha, very funny."

"Come on, a little revenge for your cognac comment from the other day."

"Okay, then we're even." Silence.

"Cooking," Carolin says after a while, "we could cook something together. Like in our WG in Mittenwald. We haven't done that in ages, and it was always so much fun."

She smiles at Daniel. That's the same smile that caught my eye in the animal shelter. Unmistakeable and beautiful. All of a sudden, it's much warmer on our bench. Wonderful! I snuggle up close to Carolin and enjoy this moment.

This time, I see Daniel's hand coming for my nose just in time, and I duck away. He's definitely off his rocker! But maybe he wasn't aiming for me after all; he was clearly targeting Carolin. Because over my back, he reaches for her hand and pulls it towards him. Carolin looks surprised, but she doesn't pull her hand away. What does this mean? When does a man hold a woman's hand? Too bad Beck isn't here; he would definitely know. I decide that this can only be a good sign - people are usually so stingy with physical contact. I'm curious to see what happens next.

"Hey, you!" a harsh, unfriendly voice blares out suddenly.

Carolin and Daniel jump in surprise, and he releases her hand.

"Yes, you! That's who I mean!" the voice continues.

Now we can see the owner of the unfriendly voice; he stands right in front of our bench. I bark briefly - doesn't this guy realize he's totally interrupting? But he just stands frozen, staring at Carolin and Daniel. Or is he actually looking at me? A bad feeling creeps up on me.

"Sorry for interrupting you like that. Holger Diekamp, that's me. But the dog you have on your lap behaved very strangely here yesterday - I'm afraid there might be some sort of evil disease. Even if the police didn't rule out rabies yesterday."

"The police?" Carolin and Daniel echo in unison.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Yes, I immediately informed the police. But before they could arrive, the dog was already gone. Together with the fat tomcat who had been by his side the whole time. I was alarmed and then decided to keep looking for the dog. After all, rabies is a deadly disease. You might think that's excessive worry, but that little guy was writhing in convulsions and had foam at the mouth. Plus, he seemed attached, or maybe even overly so—all very typical signs. Have you been with the animal in North Africa recently?"

I notice I'm slowly becoming stiff with fear—what if I still have to go to the police? And they really want to knock me out? No, and all over our stupid plan! I try to make myself as small as possible and squeeze tightly between Daniel and Carolin. Hunched closely against Daniel's leg, I feel him start shaking. How terrible! Apparently he's terrified of me—my fate is sealed; the two will turn me in to the police. I lower my head and begin barking.

"Rabies!" Daniel gasps, shivering even more. "That's the silliest thing I've ever heard."

Phew! Daniel isn't shaking from fear but laughing! In relief, I spontaneously jump onto his lap and lick his face.

"Whoa, Hercules! You see, Mr. Diekamp—this little guy is totally alert. Whatever he had yesterday wasn't rabies for sure. Maybe you confused him with another dog."

Diekamp glares at me.

"No, there was definitely no mix-up. But if you want to jeopardize your own health by being so careless, be my guest!" Diekamp lets out a furious snort and turns on his heel, leaving.

Daniel shakes his head. "Really, these people are quite something. Rabies—such nonsense."

"I mean, I am starting to get a little worried," I say.

"Why? Hercules is definitely healthy as a horse. Just look at him."

"Yes, but do you remember last week? The beggar? He said Hercules had acted strangely. Maybe he's sick." Carolin sounds genuinely concerned.

Crap—what have I started!

"I mean, convulsions, foam at the mouth... I once read that dogs can also have epileptic seizures. And if you know about it, you can treat them just like humans."

Daniel sighs. "So, let's go see your vet, right? It'll be a nice walk in this weather—a good idea either way."

Carolin nods. "I'll call Dr. Wagner right away."

"Just to reassure you first: At first glance, Hercules is in excellent condition. Clear eyes, a cold nose, good muscle tone—I'd like to rule out an infection."

I sit again on the cold metal table in Wagner's examination room and let him fiddle with me helplessly. I feel so small that I don't even take the opportunity to check Dr. Wagner's blue eyes. But what can I say? It's all my fault. Of course, Mr. Beck should get his share too, but that's just how the world is. Wagner strokes my head then turns back to Carolin and Daniel, who are standing by the table, attentively observing.

"As for epilepsy... yes, it does occur in dogs. Unfortunately, it's not easy to diagnose. However, it's often hereditary. Do you know if there have been any cases of epilepsy in Hercules' family?"

Carolin shrugs. "No, sorry. I got Hercules from the shelter. I don't actually know anything about his family, but he's supposed to be from a very meticulous breeder. He's not purebred, that's why they gave him up."

Dr. Wagner considers me thoughtfully. "Hmm, a meticulous breeder... so I get the feeling I've seen Hercules before. Must have been with one of those Dachshund breeders—I know them all pretty well. Maybe at the old Eschersbach place?"

ESCHERSBACH!!! Just hearing that name makes my heart nearly stop pounding. I jump up and start barking loudly. Exactly! That's me! A real Eschersbach! And what a one!

"Whoa!" Wagner exclaims, gently pushing me back in the middle of the table. "But you sure do know your stuff, little guy. I'd say: Bingo!"

I have no idea how Bingo figures into this, but for the first time since our initial encounter, Dr. Wagner seems almost sympathetic to me. Finally, a person who recognizes my true heritage.

"My father used to work with Eschersbach's breeding program. I've only been there a few times myself, thankfully their dogs are very healthy. But I can ask Mr. Eschersbach if he's ever had any problems with epilepsy in his dogs. The diagnosis can be quite involved and expensive, so we should have some solid evidence before making any assumptions. Perhaps the seizures have another cause."

"Well, to be honest, I can't say for certain because I've never actually witnessed one."

"Hmm," Dr. Wagner looks questioningly at Daniel.

Daniel shakes his head. "Neither have I."

"But how do you know Hercules has seizures?"

"It sounds strange now, but we've been told twice in the past five days by people who saw him having these episodes. The first time, someone brought Hercules to us from the park and reported it. And today was the same: A man spoke to us in the park and said Hercules had wound himself up into convulsions and started barking and foaming at the mouth in front of him. He even feared rabies because Hercules became so affectionate with him suddenly."

Dr. Wagner laughs. "Rabies is definitely not it. In the stage where seizures occur, the animal is already nearly dead. Plus, I can't remember a single case of rabies in dogs in Germany since I've been a vet. But I agree, that's strange. Of course, something traumatic could have triggered this behavior." He turns to me and scratches my chin. "Maybe Hercules is worried about you and trying to protect you? After all, he's only shown this behavior towards men so far."

Carolin looks down sheepishly. "I was sick a little while ago." She whispers more than she speaks.

"Right, I remember," Carolin mumbles when Mrs. Bogner came for Hercules' follow-up appointment.

"Oh, really? Did you tell Mr. Diekamp?" Carolin turns red.

"So, you think maybe Hercules is reacting to that?" Daniel asks, intrigued. "That's actually interesting. Perhaps he's worried about you and wants to be your protector—after all, he's only shown this behavior towards men so far."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Caught red-handed! I withdraw my tail shamefully.

Carolin glares at Daniel angrily. "I don't think there's any connection there."

"Come on, Carolin, it was just a joke," he retorts.

Then I'm relieved! It would be very embarrassing for me to fail here. Carolin wouldn't like that.

"Well," Dr. Wagner interjects, "I don't find the idea so far-fetched. Dogs develop a considerable protective instinct for their social pack. So if there's a suspicion in that direction, I'd definitely look into it. What exactly happened to you?"

"I don't think that will help us any," Carolin dismisses him snippily. "Everything is fine with me. But ask this breeder, it seems more promising to me."

"So, what a nerve asking me like that! Wagner is impossible. I wonder what Nina likes about him," Carolin fusses as we head back home.

I trott along beside her and Daniel, listening intently. After all, it also concerns me.

"Calm down, he didn't mean it badly. He just wanted to make a well-informed diagnosis. He can't know you're so sensitive on this point."

"I'm not sensitive!" Carolin protests indignantly.

"Well, a little bit," Daniel counters.

"And if so? Isn't that amazing? Imagine my vet suspects Hercules is acting psychopathically because I'm such a difficult case."

"Hey, no one claimed that. And anyway, it's completely groundless."

"Oh really?" Carolin turns to Daniel with a smirk. "I hope Hercules considers you as my savior before he drags in any random guys."

Now Carolin can't help but laugh. "That's right, I hope so too!"

Ah, so that's how it is. Maybe Daniel isn't such a bad match for Carolin after all. I need to talk to Beck urgently. Our plan might need some major adjustments. No, our plan will likely be obsolete soon.

FOURTEEN

"I think we don't have to look any further: We've found our man!"

The next day, with a serious expression, I announce my new insight into Carolin's partner choice to Mr. Beck under our tree in the garden as we enjoy the warm afternoon sun.

"How did you come to that conclusion? First, you were with Daniel in the park, then at the vet, today Carolin has been out all day without you... How could you find a prince for her like that?"

"Easy: We've had the prince with us the whole time."

"Huh? I don't understand."

"Daniel. I believe Daniel is the right one."

"Come on, I explained to you already: Daniel is out of the running. Due to being too nice in a particularly severe case, plus good-naturedness as an aggravating factor."

Mr. Beck, the lawyer. If he's like that, I don't really care for him.

"Have you ever considered that your theory might be wrong? I observed them both closely: First, there's a tension in the air when they're together. I can barely describe it, but it's definitely there, even if you can't see it. Like electricity on a fence."

Unimpressed, Mr. Beck stretches and relaxes. "Electricity on a fence? You're really country, my friend. I don't know what you mean at all."

Ignoring his objection, I present my further evidence: "And second, Daniel held Carolin's hand. On the park bench - even over my back.

"So what? They've known each other for ages. It doesn't mean anything."

"And third, Carolin herself said she'd like to have Daniel as her savior."

Alright, cat, your turn!

"You still have a lot to learn, my dog friend. What people say and what they actually think and do are two completely different things. Completely. Sometimes I even think humans waste their language skills because they never use them for anything meaningful. Honestly, if humans couldn't talk to each other, nothing would change fundamentally. They don't ever tell the truth to each other.

"Nonsense," I counter. "I just want to be right."

"I'm not trying to be right - I am right."

Ugh, he's being so stubborn today. I sigh and say no more. It doesn't matter what this cat thinks anyway. As long as Carolin is back on track, and we're soon a happy family with master, mistress, and dog. For a while, Beck and I stare at each other in silence, then I decide to head back to the workshop. Carolin is out on some appointment, but maybe I can get a few pats from Daniel.

I arrive just in time to witness Aurora's grand performance. With sweeping arm gestures, she tells about her last concert. Clearly a huge success, she leaves no doubt about it. According to my knowledge of human upbringing, excessive self-praise is impolite. The old Count von Eschersbach would have given Aurora a stern look for that advice he often gave everyone who came in and out of the castle. However, of course, von Eschersbach is much older than Aurora, so his views might be a bit outdated. Or perhaps the rule about self-praise doesn't apply to artists directly.

"Enthusiastic - people were just amazed, Daniel," she gushes. "But I really outdid myself that night too. By the way, it's a shame you weren't there."

"Yeah, it is. I'll come next time - at the latest when I finish your new violin, promised."

Aurora raises her nose, which looks very interesting. "Well, I get the feeling you only come because of the violin and not for me."

"Please, that's nonsense! You know I love to hear you play."

"And yet, since Carolin left Thomas, things have been chaotic with you two. It's almost impossible to get a hold of you, let alone schedule appointments... Nothing against broken hearts, but you have a workshop, not a rehab center for shattered hearts."

"Aurora, we've known each other for five years. Have I ever delivered poor work?

"No, that wasn't what I meant..."

"Then why do you say Carolin has?"

"You're just not understanding me - what I wanted to say is..."

"That you feel neglected. Yes, I've understood that."

"Daniel!" Aurora's voice takes on a whiny tone. "Don't get angry. I'm just disappointed we don't have much contact right now, that's all. I thought you were interested in my art."

Oh, if only I could roll my eyes! Even without professional assessment from Mr. Beck, it's clear to me that Aurora doesn't miss Daniel's interest in her art at all. But Daniel seems to want to ignore this comment, suddenly shifting into a conciliatory mood.

"Let's not argue. I promise solemnly to come to your next concert, whether with or without the new violin."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Aurora looks at him like a child, her eyes shining. Hm, will people like him appreciate that? As a Dachshund, I find it rather silly.

"Oh, thank you, Daniel! That means so much! And if this doesn't work out... In the fall, I'm looking for someone to accompany me on my next concert tour. It's going to Italy, and I'd like to take a look at some violins they offered me there. What do you think?"

"Well, you just bought a masterpiece. Plus, I can't leave the workshop alone for too long."

"I see you're not ready to commit yet. But I'm not refusing either. I'll wait a bit longer." She pats his arm. "Anyway, I have to go. I have a lot on my plate."

She turns around and steps on the tip of my tail. Okay, probably not with bad intentions. It doesn't hurt much, but she didn't catch me hard enough. But this opportunity might not come again soon, so I whine pitifully and snap briefly, but firmly. Zzzz. Grrr. Wonderful!

Aurora lets out a sharp cry and jumps in the air. "Ouch! Damn - are you pulling my leg?"

She stares at me, and I try to look as innocent as possible while whining prophylactically. Aurora rubs her thigh; one can clearly see the imprint of my teeth.

Daniel remains unmoved. "Well, it seems like you've climbed onto his tail. He's usually very sweet."

Aurora gasps, wanting to say something bad, but then doesn't.

"A real sweetheart, for sure. Greet Carolin, see you soon."

Then she rushes out. Daniel looks at me. He bends down and pets my head.

"Good job, fella."

"How do I look, Hercules?"

Carolin is wearing a knee-length flowery dress and turns around in front of me, swaying back and forth. Very pretty, I have to admit. Plus, I'm naturally happy that she chose a floral pattern for our joint cooking evening with Daniel. If Mr. Beck is right, this is definitely a feminine pattern. I combine: Carolin wants to look like a woman. A good sign! I sit in front of her and wag my tail.

"Got it, so you like it open? Very nice, then I'll do that."

With a quick hand movement, she pulls her long hair up and ties it into a bun on top of her head. I growl briefly. Open is much better - one can see the hair better this way, and no dog would ever think of hiding its beautiful fur. Especially not when it shimmers like Carolin's hair. As a Dachshund pup, I can only be envious. In this regard, Carolin is a true setter, or rather: a Golden Retriever. She lets her hair down again.

"Understood, open. Well, maybe that looks better, but it's a bit impractical for cooking."

I tilt my head. No, open is much better!

"Alright then, how about a compromise: I'll tie it up while cooking, then let it down again. Exactly. Good idea. Thanks, Hercules!"

Anytime. I'm happy to help.

In good spirits, Carolin walks around the apartment, moving things around. She sets the table, opens yet another of those horrible bottles, and pours its contents with a swing into another larger, rounder bottle. A splash of red liquid lands in the container. It looks pretty, but I have no idea what it's for. However, I've seen something similar before at old Eschersbach. Maybe a ritual? A spell? For a successful evening? As a Dachshund, I'm not particularly superstitious, but if it helps tonight... It would be too nice to see Beck's dumb look when I tell him that Carolin and Daniel have become a couple.

The doorbell rings. That must be Daniel. I'm so excited! Carolin seems just as excited, she rushes to the door, but then brakes abruptly in front of a mirror next to the door and critically examines herself before opening it. Expectantly, I follow her heels and form a supportive welcoming committee. Carolin opens the door; I make myself into a ball - it's Nina! Ugh! What does she want here?

"What do you want here?"

"I'd call that a warm welcome! Thanks, I'm doing fine, and I'd love to come in."

"Well, actually, this isn't such a good time for me right now."

"Hmm, I see. You're obviously dressed up for an occasion. Who's coming?"

"Daniel. We want to cook something."

"Oh so Daniel is here too? Then I guess I can stay for a bit. I thought you had a date."

Carolin sighs, then steps aside. "What's going on?"

"I don't think Marc Wagner is my type," says Nina.

"Aha. So what's the sudden change of heart?"

"Well, let me pour myself a glass first. My last night out was a total disaster." She takes a glass from the cabinet, pours herself some, and briefly sniffs at the red stuff. "Hmm, delicious, this is quite an expensive drop. Is there anything special to celebrate? Did you manage to get another million-euro violin for Aurora?"

"No, I just wanted to cook and drink wine with Daniel." Carolin throws Nina a bad look, which Nina can't see because she's too busy with her glass.

"Well, that's lucky we bumped into each other spontaneously, otherwise you'd only talk about work all evening," says Nina.

I notice Carolin wants to say something, but at this moment the doorbell rings again. Daniel.

"Wow, Carolin, you look amazing!" He greets her with a kiss on both cheeks. This is the first time I've seen them like this - I knew my theory was right. Then he sees Nina. "Oh, hi, didn't know you were here." He sounds disappointed, and from what I know about people, that's exactly how he feels. But Nina seems completely oblivious, she waves cheerfully at him.

"Yes, I spontaneously decided to join. Although I was more in the mood for a girls' night out, but you can stay if you want." She laughs.

Daniel forces a smile. "Given that I'm following your invitation instead of yours... Well, that's very generous of you."

"Please, go ahead," says Nina.

Nina beams at Daniel. Apparently, she won't be pulled on the leash. "What are we cooking?"

She heads towards the kitchen, Carolin looks at Daniel and shrugs. Then both follow Nina. In front of the fridge, they stop.

"I've prepared everything for Coq au vin. We just need to chop up some potatoes while the chicken roasts in the oven. So sit down, I'll give you a knife."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
It's happening as expected: After half an hour, Nina is still here. No wonder, the chicken now exudes a rather seductive scent. She obviously wants a bite, and I can't even blame her. I'm also speculating on a small snack. To improve my starting position, I slide next to Carolyn, who's now sitting on the kitchen bench, put my head in her lap, and look at her as heart-wrenching as possible. Unfortunately with limited success, because Carolyn, Nina, and Daniel are so engrossed in their conversation that they don't even notice me.

"So, and Dr. Wagner isn't really the dream guy then?"

How can you constantly talk about a vet? And then with this diagnosis? With all due respect, it was probably decided beforehand. Well, Nina, if only you had asked me, I would have told you right away. Nina pours herself another glass.

"We've been on three dates now. It's always nice and funny - but nothing else happens. And today, it wasn't even particularly nice because our beach trip was boycotted by several large families with their unruly kids." Annoying, that.

"Well, you know, I'm a known friend of children. Then it must have been really bad."

Am I imagining things, or is Daniel making fun of Nina? It's probably the latter, as she reacts very irritably.

"Well, not everyone dreams of a child-filled life. Just because I'm a woman, I don't have to be a mother."

Daniel raises his hands in a calming gesture. "Okay, fine. No children then."

"So, at least Marc and I absolutely nothing happens. And that's no good. I'm not looking for a buddy, but a lover. Maybe Marc is gay?"

Gay? What does that even mean? A shy guy?

Daniel grins. "Not every man who doesn't want to get involved with you has to be gay."

Nina looks at him angrily. There must be something else it means...

"Thank you very much for the flowers. And don't worry, I won't approach you inappropriately."

"Good, then that's settled," Carolyn exclaims cheerfully. "Let's eat something now."

An excellent idea. I quickly put on my most loyal doggy gaze. And this time, Carolyn reacts.

"I guess Hercules would also like a small appetizer. If I had known we were four, I would have bought more."

"Listen, don't equate me with a dog, okay? Plus, no one told me tonight was going to be a cooking event. Or... wait... did you want to be alone?"

I want to shout that, but neither Carolyn nor Daniel respond. Instead, Carolyn takes the roasting pan out of the oven. A warm cloud of chicken dream drifts towards me. Mmm, delicious! I lick my lips. Nina sees this and looks at me thoughtfully. "You're right," she says. "Is chicken au vin really suitable for a dog? After all, there's alcohol in it."

Well, that's the last straw! Inviting yourself first and then disputing my portion? Rude! I growl at her.

"Hey, come on! I just don't want you to have a hangover tomorrow."

How does Mr. Beck even relate to the chicken now? Let me put it this way: In my opinion, too much is being talked about tonight. And that's all Nina's fault. It looked so good at first - without the stupid cow, Daniel would probably have grabbed Carolyn's hand again, maybe they would have kissed already. I decide to intervene in the further course of the evening. But only after I finally get something to eat!

Daniel, the old dog lover, actually prepares a small plate for me. Finest chicken meat, without bones or tendons. It smells heavenly, but also a bit unfamiliar. That must be due to the red liquid Carolyn not only poured into the other bottle but also generously into the roasting pan. Is that alcohol? And why would it be harmful? Or is that exactly what got Carolyn into the hospital? Oh well, appetite wins over mistrust, and after the first bite, I'm enchanted - it tastes absolutely fantastic. I have to fight hard not to gobble everything down. After five bites, unfortunately, the dream is over; I meticulously lick my plate clean to avoid wasting any of the delicious sauce.

The others also taste it just as well, so a second helping is out of the question. But that's okay because now the action starts. I dart from the kitchen to the wardrobe and grab my leash. With this in my mouth, I return and make a little doggy dance in front of Nina. She looks at me surprised. Freedom for Carolyn and Daniel!

"Do you want to go for a walk with me?"

Of course! To confirm, I jump up and down.

"Oh no, I'm just sitting here nicely. Ask your mom - or better yet, ask Uncle Daniel." She winks at Daniel.

"I see, you want to have some hardcore woman's talk. Well then, Hercules, let's go for a walk around the block."

No! Absolutely not! That's exactly the opposite of what I wanted! Quickly, I drop the leash and run out of the kitchen. Unfortunately, Daniel misinterprets this completely and follows me with the leash towards the apartment door. I growl briefly but it doesn't help; Daniel puts on his jacket, then he leashes me up, and two minutes later we're standing on the sidewalk in front of the house. Wordlessly, we start walking. When we reach the park, Daniel clears his throat.

"Probably it's weird to talk to a dog about this - but since I'm the only man around here, I need to vent my frustration. Because if I'm honest, I had a different evening in mind. More romantic. Intimater. And above all: solitary. What on earth did Nina bring her spontaneous visit here for? Can you tell me that, Hercules?"

I shake my head and hope Daniel recognizes this masterpiece of dog-human communication.

"Well, I don't know - I thought there was something more between Carolyn and me. But obviously she was happy about Nina's spontaneous visit tonight."

I bark briefly.

"Or not? But why didn't she say anything?"

Dejected, I hang my ears down. That, my dear Daniel, I honestly don't know. I also think she should have sent Nina away. We walk side by side in silence.

"But it's probably my own fault. I need to show more clearly that Carolyn means more to me than just a colleague and friend. Otherwise, she'll only ever see me as nice Daniel. I need to act finally."

A good idea! I would definitely be on board for that and jump up on Daniel's leg in support.

"You think so too?" He looks around, then laughs. "Would anyone watch me having a man-talk with a dachshund? And would they commit me for it? It'd look pretty crazy."

Whatever. We finish our walk, and I'll put my new plan into action.

Back home, Nina has finally left. Carolyn cleans the kitchen and greets us cheerfully.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"You're back! Did you enjoy your walk, Hercules? It must have been a boring evening for you - too much talking, right? But I'm glad my chicken tasted good to you."

"It did to me as well. Thanks again for the invitation. Would you like another glass of wine?"

"Sure, why not. I am quite tired though. I won't be staying up late tonight."

She takes two new glasses from the kitchen cupboard and places them next to the bottle still on the dining table. Daniel pours one and hands it to Carolyn.

"Here you go, on our duo cooking evening! Cheers!"

They laugh.

"Hmm, clearly Nina was determined to ignore all our hints. But she got so caught up in this vet story that she needed emotional support today. I'm sorry, I had envisioned the evening differently."

"No worries, female solidarity is something I can live with. I already thought you might enjoy Nina's visit."

Carolyn shakes her head and yawns. "Absolutely not. But I really must go to bed now. I have an early client meeting tomorrow - unfortunately at 8 am."

"Let's set a new date for our cooking event, and let's keep it secret. What do you say?"

She stands up, Daniel does too. Great, so much for the plan. Daniel goes home, nothing has happened yet. What a bummer. I don't even want to look Mr Beck in the eye now. He was right all along. Daniel is just too nice and... slow. I need to take matters into my own hands.

The two stand in the hallway, and Carolyn opens the door for Daniel. For a moment it seems like he's going to walk past her, but then he hesitates - and closes the door again.

"Listen, Carolyn, I have something to tell you. I... no, I need to do something."

Then he puts his hands on her shoulders, pulls her close, and kisses her - full on the mouth. As quickly as it happens, he lets her go, mumbles an incoherent sound, and disappears. Bye.

FIFTEEN

Darn! I actually wanted to tell Mr Beck about yesterday right away. I was looking forward to his reaction when he realized I was right. But that's not going to happen now. Instead of strolling into the workshop in the morning and then heading out to the garden, I'm chasing after Carolyn, who's carrying a large suitcase and looks very hurried. She gives me a glance over her shoulder.

"Come on, Hercules, pick up the pace! Don't be friends with every tree!"

She pulls hard on my leash, and that really doesn't sit well with me. Not like this. Not with me. In protest, I decide to sit down.

"Hercules, what's wrong? Come on, we're late. I need to deliver this on time."

Another tug. I put the car in reverse. Carolyn sighs and sets the large box down.

"You're a bad dog! Your mistress has to work so she can buy you sausage. We have an appointment, people are waiting for us."

Pah! I don't care. I could've left Daniel to watch over me if I was causing trouble. Carolyn thinks for a moment, then kneels down to me.

"Hercules, sweetie, be a good boy and come with me now. I promise it'll be quick. I just need to deliver this, then we're going back home to Daniel. Please!"

Am I imagining things or does her voice sound warmer when she says "Daniel"? Maybe it's wishful thinking, but the thought of returning soon calms me down. I give in and trot closer to Carolyn. She scratches my neck for a moment.

"Thank you, sweetie. I'll hurry."

Shortly after, we're standing in front of a large building's revolving door.

"Do you want to wait outside?"

No, I don't. I press myself close to Carolyn's leg.

"Fine, then come inside. But let me take off your leash first; I wouldn't want you getting stuck in the door."

She bends down and unhooks the leash from my collar, then we struggle our way through the door, which is no easy feat. Since I'm small but long, navigating through a revolving door without getting my tail caught is quite a challenge. Humans haven't fallen for this stupid design for nothing. The glass also gently touches the tip of my tail, but then we're inside. In front of us lies a vast hall with many people walking back and forth. On each side are corridors lined with columns, giving it a certain resemblance to the ballroom at Schloss Eschersbach.

I'm sure I've never been here before, yet something about this place feels familiar. Not just because of Schloss Eschersbach - I've been in a similar room with Carolyn. Along the walls stand large machines that look like a combination of a cupboard and one of those TVs Carolyn has in our living room. When people now stand in front of these cupboards and type something under the TV, they start to rattle and spit out papers, just like the ones Carolyn always carries around. For this, you get panse at the butcher's and coffee at the restaurant, which I've already figured out.

Further ahead in the hall, people are sitting both behind and in front of high tables talking. It seems this is some kind of meeting place. There doesn't seem to be anything edible around, which is strange since usually there's always something to eat when people get together specifically. But maybe that's just a play area? Well, if Carolyn keeps her promise, we'll be back outside in no time, so it's not worth investigating the exact purpose of this hall.

While Carolyn chats with a man further ahead in the hall, I wander around, look at the people, and eventually sit down on the edge. I'm bored. When people talk, they apparently completely lose track of time. Should I trot over to Carolyn and tug at her pants? But right now I can't even see her. Where did she go? Maybe I should look for her, otherwise this might take forever.

Just then there's a deafening bang. I jump in fear and press myself against the wall behind me. What was that? Further ahead in the hall, people start talking loudly, people are running around chaotically.

Then there's another loud bang, and someone shouts: "Everybody down on the floor, right now!"

And indeed, most of the people quickly lie down. It reminds me of dog training classes my mother used to tell me about. What a scene! But what's going on? And - where is Carolyn? Is she lying around here somewhere too? Slowly, I inch closer to the front, trying not to disrupt this performance. At the head of the hall, it seems the man who gave the command is standing. He's the only one still upright. Not only that, he has something in his hand, with which he keeps gesturing and giving more commands. What on earth is that? I try to sneak closer to him as discreetly as possible, but I need to take a closer look at this spectacle.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As I inched closer to within two metres, the man suddenly turns towards me. Now I can see what he's holding: a rifle. How embarrassing, I should have recognised that from the bang! So really - as a descendant of famous hunting dogs, this shouldn't happen to me. However, the purpose of all this exercise remains unclear to me, because the man doesn't look like a hunter: He's completely black-clad, plus his face is unrecognisable as he wears a black cap that reaches from crown to nape and only leaves slits for his eyes. Very strange.

I'm so distracted by this intriguing scene that I don't notice another man crawling forward next to me. Only when he jumps up and charges directly at the man with the black cap do I become aware of it. The two grapple together, eventually ending up on the ground where they continue fighting. Unbelievable! Here more happens in five minutes than in Carolyn's workshop in two weeks. The rifle-less man clearly tries to get hold of the weapon while the cap-wearer defends himself with all his might. They bounce around, entangled with each other so much that it's hard to say whose arms and legs belong to whom. Then suddenly there's another loud bang - obviously a shot has been fired. The rifle-less man rolls loudly to one side, the other stands up and shakes himself. He then picks up the rifle that now lies on the ground, approaches his attacker and... aims!

I immediately know what this means: a warning shot. The cap is trying to kill him! No!, I want to shout. This is a person, not a rabbit! My heart races. Then without further thought, I emerge from cover and spring at the man with the cap. It's almost as if I'm watching myself, so surreal it all seems: I leap high and sink my teeth into his trouser leg before he can fire again. The black fabric of the trousers isn't very strong; I feel it rip instantly. Then my teeth are already hanging onto his leg. He jerks back violently, screaming in pain and lifting his leg high. I let go and fall in front of him. He removes his cap and stares at me angrily.

"What on earth was that for? Can someone explain where this dog came from all of a sudden?"

Suddenly people are running towards us; the order to lie down seems forgotten. But the biggest surprise: The wounded man who just moments ago lay writhing in agony has suddenly stood up and is looking kindly at his tormentor.

"Damn it, Jens, does it hurt?"

"And about time!" The bitten man pushes his leg higher; a beautiful bite mark from me adorns his thigh. "Helen! I think I need a Coolpad or something like that."

A young woman with blonde hair emerges from behind one of the pillars, and from a group of people, an older man with silver locks detaches himself, who bears a certain resemblance to old Eschersbach. The young woman kneels before the man named Jens and examines the bite; the older gentleman turns to the others.

"Alright, come clean: Who brought the dog along?"

Silence.

"Who?," Silverlocks repeats.

I'd like to bolt because my gut tells me that Silverlocks is really angry, and Carolyn will be in for a world of trouble. But why, I still can't figure out; after all, I prevented a crime. However, it seems no one else cares - everyone acts as if bringing a rifle to your fellow man is the most normal thing in the world. Before I even have time to think about how to skillfully wriggle myself out of this mess, I hear Carolyn's voice: "I did it. I brought the dog along."

Now I finally see her; she stands next to one of the pillars on the left side.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't realise Hercules had run off. I thought he was still standing right beside me and..."

She tries to explain further, but the man already lets out a yell: "Are you crazy? Do you have any idea how expensive this whole shoot is? Every hour we're stuck here costs cold hard cash! And then you bring your unruly little dachshund along. I hope he didn't really hurt Jens - without him, we can forget about production; he's our leading man!" He snorts once more, takes a deep breath and continues in a slightly calmer tone. "Who are you anyway?"

Carolyn has now turned pale around her nose and whispers as she answers: "My name is Neumann. I delivered the cello case for the rifle. I'm really sorry about Hercules. He thought it was a real bank robbery and wanted to protect Mr. There."

Exactly! I'm not unruly. I'm just helpful - and quite brave!

By now, Jens has stood next to us and is eyeing Carolyn curiously. Without the cap, he looks much better. He has those apparently important blue eyes for men, his hair is completely wild and tangled. That could also be due to the cap, though.

"Let's just forget about it, Roland. I'm fine; the little guy bit pretty hard, but I think I'll pull through." He winks at Carolyn, who actually smiles back. Then he bends down to me. "Well, you didn't exactly help out here, did you? And you wanted to help Uwe?" Brave dog.

A bank robbery? What on earth is that? And why are Jens and Uwe apparently friends? Just moments ago, they were ready to go at each other's throats. My head is spinning.

That's something even a dog can't handle. Silverlocks seems to have had enough of all the chatter as well. He claps his hands briefly and energetically.

"Alright, kids. To get things back on track, we'll take a half-hour break. Jens, lay that leg up for a bit. The extras please return in twenty minutes. And I'm going to have a nice Yogi tea now." Then he looks at me again. "And the dog needs to disappear quickly."

Carolyn nods and bends down to leash me; "Before you cause any more chaos, let's go," she says.

I'm offended. After all, I still don't know exactly what I did wrong. But because it's also very unpleasant for me to have caused such a stir for Carolyn, I obediently trot along beside her.

She turns back to Jens one last time: "I'm truly sorry, and I hope you're not in too much pain. If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know."

"Not too bad, Mrs. Neumann. But with one thing you could make my day a lot brighter and ease my pain considerably."

Oh dear, maybe he's going to say "Take this naughty pup to the animal shelter"!

Jens rummages in his pocket for a moment, then hands Carolyn a piece of paper. "Please give me a call," he says.

"Jens Uhland! Jens UHLAND! Germany's most promising young actor wants to go out to eat with you!" I can't believe it! This is crazy, crazy, crazy!