ВИЛЛИАМ ГИБСОН  НЕУРОМАНСЕР  Научная фантастика Роман Первое немецкое издание WILHELM HEYNE VERLAG МЮНХЕН

HEYNE SCIENCE FICTION & FANTASY Том 06/4400 Название американской оригинальной издания НЕУРОМАНСЕР Перевод с немецкого Райнхарда Хайнса Иллюстрации на обложке Баркли Шоу Иллюстрации в тексте Йоханн Петерка 8-е издание Редактирование: Вольфганг Джешке Авторские права © 1984 Уильям Гибсон Авторские права © 1987 на немецком переводе Wilhelm Heyne Verlag GmbH & Co. KG, Мюнхен Печатается в Германии 1992 Усложнение обложки: Мастерская Ингрид Шутц, Мюнхен Типографика: Schaber, Вельс Напечатано: Eisnerdruck, Берлин ISBN 3-453-40385-1

Содержание Часть первая Чиба-Сити Блюз Страница 7 Часть вторая Покупка в магазине Страница 59 Часть третья Полночь на улице Жюль Верна Страница 131 Часть четвертая Вилла Страйтлайт Страница 199 Заключение Отъезд и прибытие Страница 329 Эпилог Нейромансер Послесловие Нормана Спинрада

Благодарность Брюсу Стерлингу, Льюису Шайнеру, Джону Ширли, героям. И Тому Мэддоксу, изобретателю EIS. И всем остальным, кто знает почему.

Кейс закрыл глаза. Найден рычаг переключения с рельефной текстурой. И в темноте, пропитанной кровью, за глазами вспыхнули серебряные фосфоресцентные образы на границах пространства, гипнотические изображения, напоминающие отрывки из фильма, бегущие вперед и назад. Символы, цифры, лица, размытое фрагментарное мандала визуальной информации. Пожалуйста, молился он, теперь... Серебристая пластина, цвет неба Чибы. Теперь... Платина начала вращаться, все быстрее, превращаясь в светлую серую сферу. Расширялась. И раскрывалась перед ним. Как трюк оригами в жидком неоне раскрывалось его безграничное родное пространство, его страна, прозрачная шахматная доска в 3D, бесконечно простирающаяся. Внутреннее зрение открылось к ступенчатой, ярко-красной пирамиде Восточной прибрежной атомной электростанции, возвышающейся за зелеными кубиками банка Америки Митсубиси. Высокое и очень отдаленное место, недоступное для него навсегда. И где-то он, смеясь, в белом покрашенном подвале, пальцы нежно касающиеся доски, лицо переполненное слезами радости. С любовью для Деб, которая сделала это возможным.

Часть первая Чиба-Сити Блюз

Небо над гаванью имело цвет провидца, настроенного на мертвый канал. "Это уже не то", - услышал Кейс, пробираясь плечами через толпу у двери чатба. "Как будто ты развил огромную зависимость от наркотиков". Это был голос спрула и шутка спрула*. Чатсубо был баром для постоянных иностранных экспатриантов; можно было выпить неделю, не услышав ни слова по-японски. Рац потряс стойку. Его протез руки монотонно дрожал, когда он наполнял стаканы Кирином из бочки. Он улыбнулся Кейсу. Его зубы были странным сооружением из восточноевропейского стали и шокирующей коричневой гнили. Кейс нашел место за стойкой между непредсказуемой проституткой от Лонни Зоны и жесткой униформой морского офицера африканца, чья щека была вырезана точными рядами племенных шрамов. "Он уже здесь, с двумя сообщниками", - сказал Рац и протащил Кейс стакан пива через стойку. "Делай что-то с тобой, Кейс?" Кейс пожимал плечами. Девушка справа от него хихикнула. Бармен улыбнулся. Его уродство было легкомысленным. В эпоху покупательной красоты его отсутствие привлекательности имело сигнальное значение. Древний протез руки стонал, когда он хватал другой стакан. Это была русская военная протеза, захватчик с семью функциями, * "Спрул" - по-разному от слова, обозначающего обширную и нерегулярно растянутаю зону баланса. - Перевод 8

обратноосвязываемый, гидравлический и вмонтированный в грязное розовое пластик. "Ты артист, мистер Кейс", - рычал Рац, звук которого начинал похож на его смех. Он потирал розовую лапу по белому рубашке, подтягивая нависающий живот. "Ты жонглируешь странными сделками". "Конечно", - сказал Кейс и глотнул пива. "Кто-то здесь должен быть странным. Ты не такой, черт возьми. Так что убирайся, хорошо?" Зона - личный друг моего...", - она посмотрела Кейсу в глаза и выпустила самый легкий спутник слюны без движения губ. Но она ушла. "Боже мой!" - сказал Кейс. "Какое грязное дно это здесь? Ты даже не можешь выпить". "Ха", - ответил Рац, вытирая деревянную стойку тряпкой, - Зона берет проценты. Ты можешь сюда приходить ради развлечения". Когда Кейс протянул руку за своим стаканом, наступил один из тех странных моментов молчания, когда, как будто сто самостоятельных разговоров вдруг остановились на паузе. Затем раздался хихиканье девушки, наполненный какой-то хистерией. Рац рычал. "Это призрак". "Китайцы", - крикнул пьяный австралиец, - "китайцы изобрели эту проклятую нервную дрянь. Если это что-то с нервами, я на материк...". "Ну и что", - сказал Кейс своему стакану, и его вся горечь поднялась в нем как галл, - это чистая чепуха". Японцы уже совершили больше нейрохирургических операций, чем когда-либо могли китайцы. Черные клиники Чибы были наивысшим уровнем; каждый месяц заменяли целые процедуры. Тем не менее они не смогли исправить вред, нанесенный Кейсу в отеле в Мемфисе. Через год здесь он все еще мечтал о киберпространстве, и его надежда угасала с каждой ночью. Все стимуляторы, которые он принимал, все прогулки по переулкам и уголкам Найт-Сити не помогали; он все равно видел в сне матрицу, яркие решетки логики, раскрывающиеся над пустым цветным пространством... Спрул теперь находился в странно дальней перспективе над реальностью, и он уже не был консоль-вором, киберпространственным ковбоем. Он был всего лишь маленьким воришкой среди многих, пытающимся выжить. Но в японской ночи сны обрушивались на него как водный заклинание на провод, и тогда он плакал, плакал во сне, когда лежал один в темноте своей капсулы в гостинице Сарг, прижимался к постели и боролся в пузырьковой грязи, пытаясь достать консоль, которая не существовала. "Я видел твою девушку вчера вечером", - сказал Рац, толкнув Кейса вторым подбородком. "У меня нет девушки", - ответил он и выпил. "Мисс Линда Ли". Кейс покачал головой. "Никакой девушки? Ничего? Только бизнес, друг-художник? Полностью погруженный в коммерцию?" Его маленькие коричневые глаза сидели в складках.

* "Консоль" - название оборудования, подключенного к компьютеру для взаимодействия (например, терминал монитора). Все консоли имеют клавиатуру, чтобы обмениваться информацией с компьютером. - Перевод 10
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He thought that with her he had pleased me better. He laughed more. I fear one night you will become too artificial; end up in a clinic cell, a spare parts warehouse. "You break my heart, Ratz." He finished his beer, paid and left, spreading his tall, slim shoulders in the rain-soaked khaki nylon anorak. As he squeezed through the crowd of Ninsei, he smelled his own stale sweat. Case was twenty-four. At twenty-two, he had been a cowboy, an active one, one of the best in the sprawl. He'd been trained by the best: McCoy Pauley and Bobby Quine, legends in the business. With a constant surplus of adrenaline, side effects of his youth and abilities, he clung to a standard Kyberspace deck that projected his de-materialized consciousness into the reflective hallucination of the Matrix. As a thief, he worked for others, richer thieves, employers who supplied the exotic software needed to penetrate gleaming corporate facades and open windows into rich data fields. He made the classic mistake, although he had sworn never to do so. He stole from his employers. He kept something for himself and tried to sell it through a fence in Amsterdam. He was still not quite sure how they'd caught him; that didn't matter anyway. He had expected death, but they only smiled. Of course, he was welcome, they said, welcome in the realm of money. And he needed the money. Indeed, still smiling, they would make sure he could never work again. They damaged his nervous system with a Russian mycotoxin from wartime.

In a Memphis hotel, tied to a bed, he lay delirious for thirty hours. Talent burned away micron by micron. The damage was slight, unnoticeable, but extremely effective. For Case, who had lived for the bodiless pleasures of cyberspace, it was a great fall. In the bars where he'd mingled as a super-cowboy, the elite of the industry showed a certain detachment and contempt for flesh. The body was just flesh. Case became a prisoner of his own flesh. All his possessions were quickly exchanged for new yen, crisp notes of the old paper currency that circulated endlessly through the closed channels of the global black market like the shell fish of the Trobriand Islands. It was difficult to conduct legal transactions in cash within the sprawl; it had already been banned in Japan. In Japan, he had insisted to himself, he would find a hundred percent cure. In Chiba. Either in a registered clinic or in the gray area of black medicine. Chiba, a synonym for plantations, nerve splices and microbionics, was a magnet for techno-criminal subcultures from the sprawl.

In Chiba, he had watched his new yen disappear over a two-month period of examinations and consultations. The people in the black clinics, his last hope, had marveled at the disfigurement and then slowly shook their heads. Now he slept in the cheapest crates, those immediately next to the quasar halo lighters that illuminated the docks day and night like giant stages; where because of the bright distant lights you couldn't see Tokyo's holographic logo for Fuji Electric Company, nor even the sky-high hologram, and Tokyo Bay presented itself as a black desert, with gulls circling over the floating white Styrofoam scraps.

Behind the harbor lay the city with its factory domes, towering above the vast cubes of company-owned arcologies*. Harbor and city were separated by a narrow strip of old streets, a no man's land without an official name. Night City with Ninsei at its core. By day, the Ninsei bars were closed behind iron roller shutters and unassuming; the neon lights were off, the holograms dead, in standby under the toxic silver sky.

Two blocks west of Chat in a teahouse, Case swallowed the first pill of the evening with a double espresso. It was a flat, pink octagon, a powerful type of Brazilian Dexedrin that he'd bought from one of Zone's girls. The teahouse had mirrored walls framed in red neon.

Alone in Chiba, with little money and even less hope for a cure, he initially fell into some sort of overdrive reaction. With a cold determination that didn't suit his nature, he set out to get money. In the first month, he killed two men and a woman - for sums he would have considered absurd a year ago. Ninsei was consuming him until the street itself seemed to embody a death wish, working like some hidden poison he carried around carelessly.

Night City resembled a deranged experiment in adapted Darwinism, designed by a bored researcher who always kept his finger on the FF button*. Stop seeking money and you disappear without a trace, but move too fast and you break the fragile surface tension of the black market and get served as well; in both cases, all that remains of you is a vague memory in the mind of an original like Ratz, although your heart or lungs or kidneys can continue to serve a stranger in exchange for new yen for the organ bank.

Everything smelled of business here. Death was the recognized punishment for inaction, carelessness, unsavory tactics, and failure to meet the demands of a twisted protocol.

As Case sat alone at a table in the teahouse, taking the octagon and sweating beads breaking out on his palms, and suddenly feeling every tickling hair on his arms and chest, he realized that he was playing a game with himself again, an ancient one without a name, a final solitaire. He no longer carried a weapon, didn't bother with basic precautions anymore.

He made the fastest, loosest deals on the street and was known for being able to get anything desired. A part of him knew that his bright light was clearly visible to his clients, who were becoming rarer, but the same... *

FF = Fast Forward = Schnellvorlauf.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A part of him was bathed in the knowledge that it was only a matter of time. And that was the part of him, wrapped in self-satisfied anticipation of his death, who hated the thought of Linda Lee the most. He had found her one night - it was raining - in an arcade. Under the dazzling glare of blue cigarette smoke, holograms from spells, from tank battles in Europe, from New York's skyline... And that's how she was remembered to him now, her face bathed in chaotic laser light, features reduced to mere code: the bugs glowed scarlet as the spell burned, the forehead shimmered azure as Munich fell to tanks, the lips glistened golden as the wandering curse carved a spark of lightning from a cloud-crack wall. He was in high spirits that evening, with a block of ketamine wages on its way to Yokohama and the money already in his pocket. Coming out of the warm rain pelting down on the cobblestones of Ninsei, he entered. For some reason, he had the feeling she was meant for him - a face among dozens standing at the consoles, engrossed in the game she played. Her facial expression was the same one he saw hours later in a coffin at the harbor, her sleeping features: the upper lip resembled the drawn line children use to depict a bird in flight. As he walked through the arcade and stood next to her, elated from the successful transaction, she looked up. Grey eyes with a smudged, black *cursor - a blinking pointer on the screen indicating the current input location. - The translation... 15

He stared at the black ring of coffee grounds in his empty cup. She swayed under the influence of speed he had taken in. The brown artificial resin coating of the table was covered with dull, minute scratches. As dex entered his spine, he saw the countless, random strikes that were necessary to roughen the surface so much. The jar was set up in a worn-out, nameless style from the previous century, an uncomfortable mix of Japanese tradition and *bleached Milanese plastic, but everything seemed covered with a fine film as if the bad nerves of millions of guests had attacked the mirrors and once shiny plastic surfaces, leaving a dull layer that couldn't be removed. "Hey Case, old friend..." He looked up, saw grey eyes with eyeliner. She wore a washed-out French orbit overall and brand new white sneakers. "Been looking for you, man." She sat across from him and rested her elbows on the table. The sleeves of the blue overall were torn off at the shoulders. Automatically, he checked her arm for scars or injections. "Cigarette?" She dug a crumpled pack of Yeheyuan filters out of a pocket in her ankle area and offered it to him. He took one and let her light it with a red plastic lighter. "Are you getting enough sleep, Case? You look tired." Her accent revealed she was from the southern sprawl, the Atlanta area. She looked pale under her eyes and sickly, but her skin was still smooth and tight. She was twenty. The first wrinkles crept into her mouth corners. Her black hair was tied back with a printed silk band. The pattern resembled a microcircuit or city map. "Not if I can help it, my pills," he said. A wave of longing, desire, and loneliness hit him like a tsunami on the waves of amphetamines. He remembered the scent of her skin in the overheated, dark coffin at the harbor, her hands intertwined over his buttocks. All that flesh, he thought, and all his desires. "Wage," she said, narrowing her eyes. 17

"He's going to blow a hole in your head." She lit herself a cigarette. "Who says? Ratz? Did you say Ratz?" "No. Mona. Her new guy is one of Wage's thugs." "I don't owe him enough. He owes me, but he doesn't have any money anyway." He shrugged. "Too many people owe him something, Case. Maybe he wants to make an example out of you. You should really watch your back." "Sure. How about you, Linda? Do you have a place to crash?" "Crash." She shook her head. "Sure, Case." She bent forward over the table, her face covered in sweat. "Here," he said, rummaging in the pocket of his anorak and pulling out a crumpled fifty-dollar bill. Automatically, he smoothed it under the table, folded it twice, and handed it to her. "You need it yourself, Sweetie. Give it to Wage." Now something entered her grey eyes that he couldn't interpret, something he had never seen in them before. "I owe Wage a lot more. Take it! I'll get more soon," he lied as his new yen disappeared behind the zipper of her purse. "Get your money, Case, go see Wage soon." "Later, Linda," he said as he stood up. "Sure." A millimeter of white eye showed under her pupils. Sanpaku. "Be careful, man!" He nodded and wanted to disappear quickly. As the plastic door closed behind him, he looked back and saw her eyes reflecting in a red neon frame. 18
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
On a Friday night in Ninsai, he passed by yakitori stands and massage salons, a franchise café called Beautiful Girl, the electronic din of an arcade. He moved aside to let a man in a dark suit pass, as he noticed the Mitsubishi Genentech logo tattooed on his right hand's palm. Was it authentic? If so, Case thought, trouble was coming. If not, he deserved what was coming to him. MG employees at a certain level had modern microprocessors implanted that regulated their mutagen levels in the blood stream. Such devices in Night City brought you trouble, got you snatched up by a black clinic. The man in the suit was Japanese, but the people in Ninsai were Gaijin. Groups of sailors from the port across, single tourists desperately seeking pleasures not listed in any travel guide, heavy guys from the sprawl showing off their transplants and implants, and a dozen different species of crooks all swarmed the street in a complex dance of lust and commerce. There were countless theories as to why Chiba City tolerated Ninsai's enclave, but Case leaned towards the idea that the Yakuza kept it as some kind of historical park, a monument for its shameful beginnings. On the other hand, he understood that increasing technological specialization needed free spaces, and Night City didn't exist for its inhabitants. * Yakitori = Japanese dish, grilled chicken in soy sauce. - Translated
** Mutagens = Chemical substances that cause mutations. - Translated
*** Gaijin = Japanese: foreigner. - Translated
**** Yakuza = Japanese gangsters. - Translated

19

When he looked up at the lights, Case wondered if Wage would have him killed to make an example. It wasn't logical, but of course Wage dealt mainly with prescription bio-ware, and to do something like that, they said, you had to be crazy. But Linda said Wage wanted him dead. Case's first insight into street deals was that he neither really needed the buyer nor the seller. The middleman's job is to become a necessary evil. The dubious niche Case carved out in Night City's criminal ecology came through lies, night after night of cheating. Now that he felt its walls beginning to crumble, he experienced a strange euphoria.

Last week, he had delayed the transfer of a synthetic gland extract and resold it at a higher margin than usual. He knew Wage hadn't liked that. Wage, who had been in Chiba for nine years and was one of the few Gaijin dealers who managed to establish contacts with the rigidly hierarchical criminal establishment beyond Night City's borders, was his most important supplier. Gen and hormone material flowed through a convoluted network of straw men into Ninsai. For some reason, Wage once managed to trace something back, and now he enjoyed steady relationships in a dozen cities.

Case caught himself staring at a shop window. The store sold trinkets to sailors: watches, folding knives, lighters, pocket video recorders, Simstim decks, weighted Manriki-Ket chains, and Shuriken. The Shuriken, steel stars with razor-sharp points, fascinated him. Some were chrome-plated, others black, some had a rainbow-like film like oil on water coating them. But the chrome-plated stars held his gaze. They were attached with almost invisible nylon threads on crimson ultravelour and embossed in the center with dragons or Yin Yang symbols. They reflected neon light from the street back onto him. Case felt these were his guiding stars, his fate, depicted by a constellation of cheap chrome.

"Julie," he said to them. "Time to visit old Julie. He'll know."

Julius Deane, whose metabolism was vigorously adjusted each week with a fortune in serums and hormones, was 153 years old. His main protection against aging was an annual pilgrimage to Tokyo, where geneticists re-coded his DNA sequence - a procedure unavailable in Chiba. After that, he always flew to Hong Kong to have suits and shirts made for the whole year. Impotent and unimpressed, it seemed he found satisfaction mainly through his peculiar penchant for fancy attire. Case had never seen him wear the same suit twice, though he exclusively wore highly accurate imitations of 20th century fashion. He liked to present himself with a gold-framed glasses with pink synthetic quartz lenses, faceted like mirrors in a Victorian dollhouse.

His office was located in a warehouse behind Ninsai. Some rooms had been sparsely furnished years ago with a colorful collection of European furniture, as if Deane once intended to use them as an apartment. Neo-Aztec bookshelves, collecting dust, lined the walls of the room where Case waited. Two bulky, belly-shaped lamps in Disney style stood on a low side table covered in Kandinsky-inspired red-lacquered steel. A Dali clock hung between the bookshelves on the wall. The distorted dial extended to the bare concrete floor. The hands were holograms that changed in harmony with the distorted dial as it turned, but never showed the correct time. The room was filled with stackable white fiberglas shipping boxes that smelled of candied ginger.

"Looks clean, old man," Deane's voice rasped. "Come on in!"

The massive door with rosewood-imitation on the left side of the bookshelves slid back on magnetic strips. On the plastic veneer was written JULIUS DEANE IMPORT EXPORT in large self-adhesive letters that were peeling off. If the furniture in Deane's makeshift foyer harked back to the end of the last century, the actual office seemed to have come from the beginning.

Deane's seamless, pink face surveyed him from the light beam of an antique brass lamp with a dark green glass shade. The importer was holed up behind a massive desk made of lacquered steel, squeezed between two high cabinets with many drawers made of bright wood. Case suspected the file cabinets were how they stored written documents in pre-electronic times.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Only the translated text:

"A desk was cluttered with cassettes, faded sheets of printed end-paper and various parts of a clockwork-like typewriter that he had never managed to put together. 'What brings you to me, boy?' asked Deane, offering Case a long candy wrapped in blue-white checked paper. 'Try it! Ting Ting Djahe, the best there is.' Case refused the ginger candy, sat down on a creaking wooden chair and ran his thumb along the faded seam of his black jeans. 'Julie, I hear Wage wants to kill me.'

'So? Well then, and who says so?'

'People.'

'People,' said Deane, sucking on his ginger candy. 'What kind of people?'

Case nodded. 'Not always easy to tell who your friends are, right?'

'He owes me a little money, Deane. Did he say something to you?'

'I haven't seen him in a while.'

Deane sighed. 'If I knew anything, of course I couldn't tell you. As things stand, you know...’

'Things?'

'He's an important connection, Case.'

'So, does he want to kill me, Julie?'

'Not that I know of.' Deane shrugged, as if they were negotiating the price of ginger. 'If it turns out to be an unfounded rumor, old boy, then come back in a week or so. I have some info for you from Singapore.'

23

'From the Nan Hai Hotel, Bencoolen Street?'

'Loose-lipped, old boy!' Deane grinned. The desk was packed with a fortune in jamming devices. 'See you later, Julie! Greet Wage from me.'

Deane examined the perfect knot of his silk tie. Not far from Deanes office, he felt a sudden jolt of cellular awareness that someone was on his tail, right behind him. Cultivating a harmless paranoia was second nature to Case. The trick was to keep it in check. But that could be quite a feat with a dose of octagon. He fought against the adrenaline rush, hid his slender build behind a bored, vacant mask and pretended to be swept along by the crowd. When he spotted a darkened shop window, he forced himself to stand still. It was a surgery boutique, closed for renovation. With his hands in his jacket pockets, Case stared through the glass at a flat, ravioli-like shape of lab-cultured flesh on a beautifully crafted pedestal of false jade. The color of the skin reminded him of one of Zones prostitutes; she had been tattooed with a glowing digital display powered by a subcutaneous chip. Unwittingly, he asked himself why bother carrying it around in your pocket if you can just as well have it in your hand?

Without moving his head, he lifted his gaze and scanned the passing crowd in the reflective window. There.

24

Behind sailors in short-sleeved khaki. Dark hair, mirrored glasses, dark clothing, slim... And gone. Now Case ducked and weaved through the crowd at a zigzag angle.

'Can I rent you a gun, Shin?'

The boy smiled. 'Two hours.'

They stood together in the pungent smell of fresh, raw seafood behind a sushi stand in Shiga. 'Back in two hours.'

'I need it now, man. Do you have anything?'

Shin rummaged through empty two-liter cans that had once held sea salt powder. He pulled out a thin bundle wrapped in gray plastic wrap. 'Taser.** Thirty new yen deposit.'

'Damn. That won't do me any good. I need a gun, to maybe shoot someone, got it?' The boy shrugged and tucked the bundle behind the sea salt cans. 'Two hours.'

He went into the store without even bothering to look at the displayed shurikens. He had never thrown one before.

He bought two packs of Yeheyuan with a Mitsubi Bank chip that listed his name as Charles Derek May. The best chip he had ever gotten past Truman Starr.

The Japanese woman behind the counter looked as if she hadn't slept in years, though without any scientific backup. He pulled out a thin roll from under the counter and showed it to her. 'I want to buy a weapon.'

She pointed to a display case filled with knives. 'No,' he said. 'I don’t like knives.'

She pulled out a long box from underneath the counter. The yellow cardboard lid was printed with a stylized rolled-up cobra with its neck spread wide open. Inside were eight identical, wrapped cylinders. He watched as her speckled, brown fingers peeled one from the paper. She held it up for inspection, a matte steel tube with a leather strap at one end and a small bronze pyramid at the other. She gripped the tube in one hand, took the pyramid between her thumb and forefinger of the other hand, and pulled. Three oiled, extensible spiral springs shot out telescopically and locked into place.

'Cobra,' she said.

Over the neon glow of Ninsei, the sky had a simple gray tone. The air was worse; that night it seemed to have teeth. Half the crowd wore respirator masks. Case spent ten minutes trying different spots in a restroom, wondering how he could discreetly stow his cobra; eventually, he just left it stuck in the waistband of his jeans, so the tube lay across his stomach. The pyramid-shaped tip dangled between his chest and the fabric of his anorak. He constantly felt like the thing would clatter to the floor on his next step, but it made him feel better.

The bar wasn't exactly a deal place, but it drew relevant clientele on weekdays. Fridays and Saturdays were different. Regulars were mostly there, too, but they disappeared in the tide of sailors and specialists who hunted them down. As Case pushed open the swing door, he looked for Ratz, but the bartender was nowhere to be seen. Lonny Zone, the bar’s regular pimp, followed a young sailor with glassy, fatherly eyes as one of his girls began working him over. Zone relied on a hypnotic drug that Japanese called 'cloud dancers.' When Case caught Zone's gaze, he signaled him to come over. In slow motion, Zone pushed through the crowd, his elongated face slack and placid.

'Seen Wage tonight, Lonny?'

Zone looked at him as calmly as ever, shook his head. 'Sure, man?'

'Maybe in Namban? Two hours ago maybe.'

'A couple of guys with him? One of them thin, dark hair, maybe black jacket?'

'No,' said Zone finally, furrowing his brow to indicate the effort it cost him to recall such trivia. 'Big guys. Transplants.'

Zone’s eyes had very little white and even less iris; his pupils were dilated under flabby lids. He stared at Case for a long time before looking away. He noticed the bulge of the steel whip. 'Cobra,' he said, raising an eyebrow. 'Whipping someone's ass?'

'Bye, Lonny!' Case left the bar.

His tail was back. Case was sure of it. A mix of octagon and adrenaline gave him a thrill of excitement. You like this, he told himself; you're crazy."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
For some strange reason, it was almost like running in the Matrix. If you get sidetracked and realize you're hopelessly stuck, you might see Ninsei as a data field, reminiscent of proteins once linked by the Matrix to distinguish cell features. Then you could move with incredible speed, skimming over everything, utterly detached yet unattached, surrounded by the whirlwind of business, interacting information, flesh-and-blood data in the labyrinth of the black market... Just do it, Case! he told himself. Put them in. They'd least expect that. He was a block away from the game hell where he first met Linda Lee. He rushed through Ninsei, scattering a horde of meandering sailors. One of them cursed him in Spanish. Then he was through the entrance. The noise crashed over him like a wave, bass pulsing in his gut. Every hit would be a 10-megaton strike in Europe's tank war; a simulated explosion filled the arcade with a bright roar as a dark red fireball hologram bloomed mushroom-like. He swerved to the right and ran up a staircase of unpainted plywood. He'd been here once before, to discuss a deal with prescription hormone triggers with a certain Matsuga. He remembered the corridor, the grimy linoleum, the row of identical doors leading to tiny offices. One door was now open. A young Japanese woman in a sleeveless black T-shirt looked up from a white terminal; behind her head hung a travel poster for Greece, Aegean blue with snappy lettering. "Watch out!" Case warned her. Then he ran down the corridor until he was out of sight. The last two doors were closed and, as he suspected, locked. He spun around and kicked the blue-painted plywood door at the rear end with the sole of his nylon sneakers. It crashed open. Cheap metal clattered from the shattered frame. Inside it was dark, the white rounded edge of a monitor case visible. He was already at the door to the right, putting both hands on the transparent plastic button and pushing with all his strength. It cracked, and he was inside. Here Case and Wage had met Matsuga, but the shell company Matsuga ran was gone. No terminal, nothing. Light from an alley behind the arcade filtered through smoky plastic. He could make out a twisted coil of fiber optic cables emerging from a box in the wall, a pile of discarded food containers, and the wingless basket of an electric fan. The window consisted of a single sheet of cheap plastic. He shed his anorak, wrapped it around his right hand, and swung at the glass. It broke, and two more swings later, it fell out of the frame. The muffled din of the arcade was drowned out by a siren, either from the broken glass or the girl in the corridor ahead. Case turned around, pulled on his anorak, and yanked the cobra completely out. Since the door was closed, he assumed his pursuer thought he'd vanished through the one he'd almost torn off its hinges. The bronze pyramid of the cobra began to sway slightly as the steel spring of its grip pounded his pulse. Nothing happened. There was only the siren wail, the arcade noise, and his own heartbeat. Fear came like a half-forgotten friend. Not the cold, agile mechanism of Dex paranoia, but raw, animal fear. He'd lived in constant dread for so long that he'd forgotten what pure fear felt like. This little room was a place where people died over and over again. Maybe he should die here. Maybe they had guns. A muffled rumble from the other end of the corridor. A male voice in Japanese. A scream, shrill as a metal shriek. Another muffled rumble. And footsteps approaching without haste. They reached his door. Three quick heartbeats paused, then reversed. One, two, three. The heel of a boot scraped on the linoleum. His courage, sparked by the octagon, crumbled completely. He whipped the cobra into its sheath and darted to the window, blind with fear, utterly drained. He was out, above, falling before he knew what he was doing. A dull pain shot through his shinbones upon impact on the pavement. A narrow beam of light from a half-open maintenance shaft framed a pile of fiber optic cables and the casing of a broken console. He lay face down on a soaked piece of plywood; he rolled onto his back, in the shadow of the console. The window of the office cubicle was a sparsely lit rectangle. The siren still wailed, louder here as the rear wall muffled the arcade noise. A head appeared in the window, illuminated from behind by fluorescent lights in the corridor. Although the head reappeared several times, he couldn't make out its features. Silver gleamed over the eyes. "Fuck," someone said, a woman with a northern sprawl accent. The head disappeared. Case lay under the console and counted to twenty. Then he stood up. He still held the steel cobra, but it took him a few seconds to remember what it was. He hobbled away through the alley, rubbing his left ankle. Shin's pistol was a fifty-year-old Vietnamese imitation of a South American copy of a Walther PPK, double action system with a hard-to-pull trigger and 22 caliber chamber. Case would have preferred lead azide explosive rounds rather than the simple Chinese cartridges Shin had sold him. At least it was a gun with nine rounds of ammunition. As he walked past the sushi stand in Shiga, he weighed it in his anorak pocket. The grip was made of bright red plastic in the shape of an upright dragon, a motif that could be felt in the dark. He'd left the cobra in a trash can in Ninsei and swallowed another octagon dry. The pill lit up his circuits, and he hurried from Shiga to Ninsei, then on to Baiitsu. His pursuer was gone, which was good. He had calls to make, business to take care of, things that couldn't wait. Behind the first block of Baiitsu, heading towards the harbor, stood an unremarkable ten-story office building with a hideous yellow brick facade. Its windows were now dark, but a faint light could be seen on the roof if you strained your neck. A turned-off neon sign at the main entrance proclaimed CHEAP HOTEL under a
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Свойство письменных знаков. Если магазин имел название, то Кейс его не знал; всегда говорили о "Дешевом отеле". Чтобы добраться до него, нужно было зайти в тупик с стороны Байицу, где у подножия прозрачного колодца стоял лифт. Лифт был подобран к Дешевому отелю и прикреплен к зданию из бамбука и эпоксидной смолы. Кейс вошел в пластиковую кабину и использовал свой ключ — незаметную полосу из магнитной ленты. Кейс арендовал гроб в этом отеле еженедельно с момента прибытия в Чибу, но никогда не спал там. Он предпочитал более дешевые места. Лифт пах парфюмом и табачным дымом; стенки кабины были царапаны и покрыты грязными отпечатками пальцев. Когда кабина достигла пятого этажа, он увидел свет от Нинсеи. Кейс постучал по рукояти пистолета пальцами, когда кабина медленно и скрипя остановилась. Как всегда, она резко остановилась, но он был к этому готов. Он вышел во двор, который служил как передний двор, так и фойе. В центре прямоугольного зеленого пластикового ковра сидел японский подросток за консолью в форме буквы "C" и читал учебник. Белые гробовые ящики были выстроены на строительном подъемнике. Шесть рядов по десять ящиков с каждой стороны. Кейс кивнул подростку и двинулся по пластиковому ковру к следующему лестничному пронумерованному ящику. Двор был покрыт дешевыми, ламинированными матами, которые при шторме раскрывались и не были водонепроницаемыми, но ящики можно было открывать без ключа с трудом. Лифтовая рама под его весом дрожала, когда он подошел к третьему ряду нумерованного 92. Ящики были длиной три метра, крышка в ширину метр и почти полтора метра в высоту. Он вставил ключ в замочную скважину и ждал, пока компьютер здания не откроет дверь. Магнитные болты громко щелкнули, и крышка медленно поднялась на пружинах. Флуоресцентные лампы загорелись, когда он вошел, закрыл крышку за собой и нажал кнопку, которая активировала ручной замок. В номере 92 ничего не было, кроме обычного ноутбука Хитачи и маленькой белой коробки из пенопласта. В коробке находились остатки трех 10-килограммовых брикетов сухого льда, тщательно завернутых в бумагу, чтобы замедлить испарение, и лабораторная сетка из алюминиевой проволоки. Наклонившись на коричневый пену, который служил одновременно полом и кроватью, Кейс достал из кармана свою 22-ку и положил ее на холодильник. Затем он вытащил свой анорак. Контур терминала гроба был врезан в одну из стен конкава напротив доски с правилами проживания в семи языках. Кейс взял розовый телефонный слуховой аппарат, оторвав его от разъема, и набрал номер в Гонконге, который он знал наизусть. Он ждал пять раз, а затем повесил трубку. Его покупатель за три мегабайта горячей оперативной памяти от Хитачи не брал звонки. Он набрал токийский номер в Синдзюку. Женщина ответила на японском. "Снейк-мен здесь?" - спросила она. "Очень приятно слышать от тебя", - ответил Снейк-мен. "Я получил желаемый товар", - сказал он, глядя на холодильник. "Это хорошо. Мы в данный момент не можем отправить его. Ты сможешь это выдержать?" "Бля, я действительно срочно нуждаюсь в деньгах...", - ответил Снейк-мен. Он повесил трубку. "Что за чертов тип!", - сказал Кейс, глядя на телефон. Он посмотрел на дешевую маленькую пистолет. "Заряженный до предела", - сказал он. "Сегодня ночью это будет полезно". Через час перед рассветом Кейс вошел в бар, спрятав обе руки в карманах анорака; в одном лежала пистолет, а в другом алюминиевая банка. Ратт сидел за одним из задних столов и пил апельсиновое пиво из стеклянного стакана, его 100-килограммовое мясистое тело прижато к стулу, который скрипел по деревянному полу. Молодой бразилец по имени Курт стоял за стойкой и обслуживал нескольких клиентов, в основном тихих пьяных. Ратт переминался на пластиковом стуле, когда поднимал стакан и пил. Его голая голова блестела от пота. "Выглядишь плохо, друг художник", - сказал он, показывая свои гнилые зубы. "Мне хорошо", - ответил Кейс и улыбнулся как черепаха. "Отлично". Он опустился на стул напротив Ратта, не вынимая руки из карманов. "И ты бродишь по такому портативному бункеру из спирта и амфетаминов, наверное, чтобы защититься от тяжелых чувств, да?" "Почему бы тебе не заняться своим грязным делом, Ратт? Видел ли ты какую-нибудь охрану?" - спросил Кейс. "Защищает от страха и одиночества", - продолжил бармен. "Послушай страх! Возможно, он твой друг". "Что ты слышал о драке в игровом зале сегодня ночью, Ратт? Кто-то ранен?" - спросил Кейс. "Идиот кого-то из охраны ножом ранил", - ответил Ратт, пожимая плечами. "Девушка, говорят". Кейс сказал, что должен поговорить с Раттом. "Я...", - начал он. "Ах", - сделал знак Ратт, сжимая рот в линию. Он посмотрел на Кейса через барную стойку. "Думаю, у тебя будет возможность скоро". Внезапно шуршание шурикенов пронзило стекло витрины. Скорость закричала в голове Кейса. Пистолет в его руке был скользким от пота. "Мистер Ратт", - сказал он, протягивая медленно розовый захват как для рукопожатия. "Как приятно вас видеть. Так редко вы нас посещаете". Кейс повернулся и посмотрел на лицо Ратта. Это была загорелая нулевая пятерка. Глаза состояли из лабораторно выращенных зеленых никоновских имплантатов. Ратт был одет в темно-серый шелк. На его запястьях были простые платиновые браслеты. По обе стороны от него стояли его подельники, почти идентичные мальчики с имплантированными мышечными пакетами на руках и плечах. "Как дела, Кейс?" - спросил Ратт.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"He, Süßer," said one of the thugs, "do you want to try this trick on me too?" "Don't bother aiming at my feet, Kurt," Ratz said in a casual tone. Case looked through the bar and saw the Brazilian standing behind the counter, pointing a Smith & Wesson rifle at the trio. The barrel, made from a paper-thin alloy reinforced with a kilometer of fiberglass, was so long that a fist could fit inside. The open magazine revealed five fat orange bullets, subsonic rubber buckshot. "Not deadly in theory," Ratz noted. "He, Ratz," Case said, "I owe you something." The bartender shrugged. "You don't owe me anything. Those there should know better. Nothing gets done at Chatsubo." Wage coughed. "Who's talking about getting done? We just want to chat, purely business. Me and Case, we work together." Case took out his 22-caliber pistol and aimed it at his crotch. "I hear you want to kill me, Case." Ratz' clawed hand wrapped around the gun, causing Case's hand to relax. "Listen, Case, what's going on with you? You've got an egg on your head? What the hell is this about wanting to get me?" Wage turned to the boy on his right. "Get out of here, guys! Wait for me!" Case watched as the two crossed through the now completely empty bar, leaving only Kurt and a sailor in khaki, hunched over a barstool at the floor. The Smith & Wesson's barrel followed them to the door and then swung back towards Wage. Case's pistol magazine clattered onto the table. Ratz held the gun by its trigger guard and pulled out the cartridge. "Who said I want to get you, Case?" Wage asked. "Linda," Case replied. "Who said that, man? Are they trying to rouse you?" The sailor groaned and vomited horribly. "Get him out of here!" Ratz told Kurt, who was now sitting on the counter with his knees bent and a cigarette lit. Case felt the crushing weight of the night as if wet sandbags filled his eye sockets. He took out the bottle from his pocket and handed it to Wage. "That's all I've got. Hypophyse preparation. It'll get you 500 if you pass it on quick." His remaining capital was in a RAM, but he could write that off now. "Are you okay, Case?" The bottle had long disappeared behind the dark gray lapel. "I mean, sure, we're even, but you look bad. Like flattened shit. You should lie down somewhere." "Yeah," Case said as he stood up. The bar swayed. "Well, I still had 50, but someone took it from me." He smiled, checked the magazine of his 22-caliber and removed the cartridge. He stuffed the gun back into his pocket. "I've got to go to Shin to get my bail back." "Go home," Ratz said, awkwardly sliding around on the creaking chair. "Artist, go home!" He felt they were watching him as he crossed through the bar and squeezed through the plastic-flapped door. As he stepped out of the elevator, the same boy was sitting at the table. The textbook had changed. "Good man," Case strolled across the plastic grass, "you don't need to tell me anything. I know already." A pretty lady had visited, he said, and she claimed to have his key. A nice little tip for you, say 50 new ones? The boy put the book away. "Woman," Case said, drawing a line across his forehead with his thumb. "Silk." He smiled widely. The boy smiled back, nodded. "Thanks, ass," Case said. On the landing, he had trouble with the lock. She must have damaged it while messing around, he thought. Beginner. He knew where to rent a black box that could open any coffin in a cheap hotel. Fluorescent lights flickered as he crawled inside. "Close the lid very slowly, friend," Case said. "Do you still have the thing you rented Saturday night at the sushi joint?" She sat with her back against the wall at the far end of the coffin. She had pulled her knees up and leaned her hand on them. The mouth of a dart gun* protruded from her hands. "Were you in the arcade?" He closed the lid. "Where's Linda?" "Push the button for the lid!" He did so. "Your girl? Linda?" He nodded. "She's gone. With your Hitachi. She's really nervous." "What about the gun, man?" She wore a reflective pair of glasses, black clothing. The heels of her black boots pierced into the temper foam. "I returned Shin my bail, got the money for the bullets at half price. Will you cash it? No?" "No." "Then I'll use dry ice. That's all I've got right now." "What happened to you last night? Why did you stage that scene in the arcade? Someone from security came after me with a nunchaku.**" "Linda said you wanted to kill me." "Said Linda? I saw her here for the first time just now." "You're not from Wage, are you?" She shook her head. He noticed the surgical implants of the lens openings in her eyes. The silver lenses seemed to grow out of the smooth, bright skin over her cheeks, framed by dark, fringed hair. Her fingers that curled around the dart gun were thin and pale, with burgundy-painted nails that looked fake. "You're pretty messed up, Case," she said. "As soon as I appear, you already have me slotted into your reality. What do you want, Lady?" He leaned back against the lid. "Just to talk to you alive. A guy who still has some brains." "Molly," Case said. "My name's Molly. I'll bring you to a man I work for. He just wants to talk to you, that's all. No one wants to do anything to you." "Fine." "Unless I sometimes get unpleasant, Case. I guess that's just how I am." She wore a tight black leather pant and a cut-off jacket of a dull fabric that seemed to absorb light. "When I put away this dart gun, will you be peaceful, Case? You look like someone who likes taking risks." "Hey, I'm very peaceful. I let everything happen to me, no problem." "Great, man," she said. The darts disappeared into her black jacket. "Because if you try to hit me, you're taking the biggest risk of your life." She held out her open hands with slightly spread fingers. With a barely audible click, ten double-edged, four-centimeter scalpel blades shot out from behind her burgundy nails. She smiled. Slowly, the blades retracted.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Two years in coffins made the room on the 25th floor of the Chiba Hilton seem vast. It was ten by eight meters, half a suite. A white brown coffee machine steamed on a low table before sliding glass doors leading to a narrow balcony. "Have some coffee! You look like you could use it." She took off her black jacket; the fleeced vest hung in a black nylon shoulder bag under her arm. She wore a sleeveless gray sweater with bare steel zippers over her shoulders. Bulletproof, Case thought as he filled a bright red cup with coffee. His arms and legs felt wooden. "Case." He looked up for the first time seeing the man. "I'm Armitage." The dark morning cloak was open to his hips, his broad chest unshaven and muscular, his stomach flat and firm. The blue eyes were so bright they seemed bleached against Case's face. "The sun is out, Case. Today's your lucky day, kid." Case jerked his arm to the side but the man dodged away from the hot coffee. Brown sauce ran over the artificial rice paper wallpaper. He noticed the square gold ring in the man's left earlobe. Special Forces. The man smiled. "Drink your coffee, Case!" Molly said. "Everything's okay with you, but you're not going anywhere until Armitage talks to you." She sat cross-legged on a silk futon and began taking apart the vest without looking. The two mirrors followed Case as he walked to the table and refilled his cup.

"Too young to remember war, Case?" Armitage ran a broad hand through his short brown hair. A heavy gold band gleamed on his wrist. "Leningrad, Kiev, Siberia. In Siberia we invented you, Case."

"What do you mean?"

"Screaming Fist, Case. Ever heard of it?"

"It was a tactical action, right? They wanted to burn this Russian nexus with virus programs."

"That's right. A unit made it to Helsinki, Case."

Case took a sip of his coffee, grimacing. "You're a console cowboy. The prototypes of the programs you use to crack industrial banks were developed for Screaming Fist. For the attack against Kirensk's computer nexus. The basic module was a Nightwing Microlight*, a pilot, a matrix deck, a jockey. We worked with a virus called Mole. The Mole series was the first generation of real invasion programs."

"Breacher," Case said around the rim of his red cup. "Breacher from EIS, Electronic Invasion Defense System."

"The problem is, Mr., I'm not a jockey anymore, so I guess I'd better go..."

"I was there, Case; I was there when they invented yours and mine like it."

"What do you mean by 'they'?"

"We've got a detailed profile. We bought information on every one of your cover names and processed it with military software. You're prone to suicide, Case. The model gives you another month out. And your medical project says you'll need a new pancreas within a year."

"Us." He looked into Armitage's pale blue eyes. "Who are 'we'?"

"I can tell you we can fix your nerve damage, Case." Armitage suddenly seemed to be carved from metal: motionless, immensely heavy. A shock. Case knew now it was a dream he would soon wake up from. Armitage wouldn't say another word. His dreams always ended with such static images, and this one was over.

"What do you think about that, Case?"

Case looked out over the bay and shivered. "Just fucked up shit, I'd say."

Armitage nodded. "I'd like to know your conditions."

"More or less routine for you, Case."

"The man needs to rest first, Armitage," Molly said from her futon. The vest pieces lay spread out on the silk like an expensive puzzle. "He's really on his last legs."

"The conditions," Case said, "and right now!" He still shivered. The shivering wouldn't stop.

The nameless clinic was expensively equipped and consisted of a series of pavilions separated by formal gardens. He knew the clinic from his consultation rounds in the first month after arriving in Chiba.

"Come on, Case. You're really scared." It was Sunday afternoon, and he stood with Molly on a courtyard-like space. White flagstones, a green bamboo bush, black, wavy gravel. A gardener, a large metal contraption in crab form, performed maintenance on the bamboo.

"It's going to be all right, Case," she said. "You don't know what Armitage has up his sleeve. He pays these nerve specialists to get you back on your feet and gives them a program that tells them how to do it. That gives them a three-year lead over the competition. Can you imagine how valuable that is?" She hooked her thumbs into the belt loop of her black leather pants and swayed on her polished red cowboy boots. The narrow boots' tips gleamed with Mexican silver caps. The mirrored, empty lenses regarded him with the calmness of an insect.

"You're a street samurai," he said. "How long have you been working for him?"

"A couple months."

"And before that?"

"For someone else. I'm just a hardworking girl, you know."

He nodded. "Strange, Case."

"What's strange?"

"I feel like I know you. The profile he has. I know how your wires run."

"You don't know me, sister," Case said.

"You're all right, Case. You've just had a little bad luck, as they say."

"How about him? Is he all right, Molly?"

The robotic crab stalked toward them across the wavy gravel. Its bronze armor could have been a thousand years old. As it drew within a meter of their heels, it fired a beam and paused while analyzing the incoming data.

"What I always think first about is my own dear skin," she said.

The crab began to back away from her but she delivered a well-aimed kick. The silver boot cap clattered against the armor; the creature tumbled onto its back but quickly righted itself with its bronze limbs.

Case sat on a flagstone and prodded at the gravel with his shoe tips. He rummaged in his pockets for cigarettes. "In your shirt," she said.

"Now, give me an answer," he demanded. He pulled out a crumpled Yeheyuan from a pack, lighting it with a slim German steel lighter that looked as if it had come from an operating room.

"Well, let me tell you the man is after something serious. He's got piles of money these days and keeps getting more."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
In his mouth. "Or maybe something's following him..." She shrugged. "What do you mean?" "I don't know exactly. I just know that I don't know for whom or what we're actually working." He looked into the two-way mirror. After leaving Hilton on Saturday morning, he had returned to the Cheap Hotel and slept for ten hours. Then he took a long, aimless stroll along the security fence leading to the harbor, watching seagulls circle behind the wire mesh. If she'd followed him, she'd done good work. He'd avoided Night City. He waited in the coffin for Armitage's call. Now this silent courtyard on a Sunday afternoon, the girl with an athlete's body and magician's hands. "If you want to come in now, Sir, the anesthesiologist is expecting you," The technician bowed, turned, and went back into the clinic without waiting to see if Case followed him. Cold steel smell. Ice wrapped around his spine. Lost, tiny in the darkness, cooling hands, fading perceptions through escapes of TV sky. Voices. Then black fire in nerve branches; pain that outdid everything worthy of the name pain... Stay still. Don't move. And Rat was here and Linda Lee, Wager and Lonny 46

Zone, a hundred faces from the neon forest, sailors and crooks and whores; here where the sky over the wire mesh fence and skull cage had a poisonous silver hue. Damn it, don't move. Where the sky blurred into static noise and turned into the colorlessness of the Matrix, and he saw his Shuriken, his stars. "Stay still, Case, I have to find your vein!" She crouched straddling his chest, a blue plaster in her hand. "If you don't stay still, I'll slit your damn throat. You're still full of endorphin blockers." He woke up and realized she was lying next to him in the darkness. His neck was stiff like twigs. Pain pulsed from his spine down to his center; images appeared, changed: a flickering montage of towers and shattered dome-shaped vaults of sprawl, blurred figures approaching under a dark bridge or overpass... "Case? It's Wednesday, Case." She moved, rolled onto her side, bent over him. One of her breasts brushed against his upper arm. He heard her rip open the plastic seal of a bottled mineral water and drink. "Here," she pressed the bottle into his hand. "I can see in the dark. Integrated image amplifier in the lenses."  "My back hurts."  "They've replaced your liquor. They also patched up your liver with fresh tissue. I don't know about your nerves. A lot of injections. They didn't have to cut anything open." She lay down next to him again. "It's 2:43:12, Case. I have a display chip in my optic nerve." He sat up and tried to drink from the bottle. Choked, coughed. Warm water gushed over his chest and upper thighs. "Get moving!" he heard himself say. He fumbled for his clothes. "I need to know..." She laughed. Small, strong hands clamped down on his upper arms. "Sorry, you bastard. You have to wait eight days. Your nervous system would collapse if you stuck one in now. Medical order. By the way, they think it worked. They'll check tomorrow or so." He lay back down.  "Where are we?"  "Home. In the Cheap Hotel."  "Where's Armitage?"  "In Hilton, selling pearls to natives or something like that. We're leaving here soon, man. Amsterdam, Paris, then off into sprawl." She tapped him on the shoulder. "Turn around! I can give you a good massage." He rolled onto his stomach, extended his arms so the fingertips touched the coffin wall. She knelt down on her temper foam cushion, settled onto his hindquarters. Cool leather against his skin. She ran her fingers over his neck.  "Why aren't you in Hilton?" As answer, she reached between his legs and gently cupped his testicles with her thumb and forefinger. For a while she moved, upright in the darkness, her other hand on his neck. The leather of her pants crinkled as she moved. Case felt himself getting hard and changed position on the temper foam. His head throbbed but the stiff feeling in his neck seemed to be abating. He rested an elbow, turned around and sank back into the foam, pulling her with him and licking her breasts. Her tiny, hard buds slid over his vision. He felt for the zipper of her leather pants and pulled it up.  "All right," she said. "I can see." The leather of her pants crinkled as she removed them. She squirmed next to him until she could push them away with her feet. She wrapped a leg around him, and he stroked her face. Surprisingly hard, the implanted lenses. "No," she said. "Fingerprints." Now she straddled him again, took his hand and pressed it against her body, so that the thumb was in the butt crack, the spread fingers on the labia. As she slowly lowered herself onto him, the illusory images returned, faces and fragments pulsing in neon light. She slid completely onto him. He tensed involuntarily. Like this, she rode up and down until they both came. His orgasm was a blue flash of light in timeless space, immeasurable like the Matrix, where faces tore through windstorms while the insides of their tight thighs slapped against his hips. In Ninsei, a lighter version of the day's crowd performed the dance on the stage. Noise swelled from the game and pachinko halls. Case looked into the chat and saw Zone watching over his dolls in the warm, dim, beer-scented bar. Ratz stood behind the counter.  "Seen Wager, Ratz?"  "Not tonight." With undisguised skepticism, Ratz looked at Molly.  "Tell him you have his money," Case said while reflecting on her lenses. "I have business I need to get out of."  "Armitage won't be happy if I let you slip through my fingers." She stood under Deanes melting clock, hands propped behind her back.  "The man doesn't talk to me when you're around. Deane is irrelevant. He can handle things on his own. But I have people who go missing if I vanish from Chiba without a trace. You get it?  "She pursed her lips and shook her head.  "I have people in Singapore, Tokyo connections in Shinjuku and Asakusa, and they  50
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The pressure is on, my companion is armed and has a good amount of silicone in her head. What's going on? Deanes ghostly cough seemed to hang between them in the room. "Wait, Julie. I'm definitely coming alone." "That's for sure, buddy. It doesn't happen like that." "Alright," she said. "Go ahead! But only five minutes. One more, and I'll come in and freeze your tight friend forever. And you figure something out while that happens."

"Hmm?"

"Why am I doing this favor for you." She turned around and walked past the stacked boxes of candied ginger. "Do you usually have weirder associates than usual, Case?" Julie asked. "Julie, she's gone. Let me in, please, Julie?" "Case, be careful!" the voice said. "Get your tech ready, Julie!" Case said as he took his seat in the spinning chair.

"Always on," Deane answered casually and pulled a handgun from behind the removed parts of his old mechanical typewriter, aiming it carefully at Case. It was a Magnum revolver; the barrel had been shortened to a stump, the trigger guard sawn off, the grip wrapped with a material that looked like old crepe paper. The weapon in Deane's manicured pink hand seemed peculiar.

"Safe and sound, you know," he said casually. "No personal stuff. Tell me what you want now!"

"I need a history lesson, Julie. And some info on someone."

"What's going on, buddy?" Deane's cotton shirt was striped like candy paper; the collar white and stiff as porcelain.

"Me, Julie. I'm disappearing, gone. But do me this favor, okay?"

"Info on who?

"A Gaijin named Armitage, Suite at the Hilton."

Deane put away the gun. "Stay still, Case!" He typed something into his keyboard on his lap. "It seems you know as much as my network does, Case. This gentleman appears to have a temporary arrangement with the Yakuza, and the sons of the neon chrysanthemum know how to shield their allies from me."

Case nodded. The smell of candied ginger was overwhelming.

"I spent the war in Lisbon," Deane said, putting away the gun. "A nice place, you should visit."

"With the troops, Julie?"

"Not really. Although I did see some fighting."

Deane smiled his pink smile. "Wonderful what a war can do for business."

"Thanks, Julie. I owe you one."

"No big deal, buddy. Take care."

Later, he realized that the evening at Sammi had felt off from the start; even as he followed Molly down that corridor and trampled through the thick pile of torn tickets and Styrofoam cups, he sensed Linda's impending death...

After talking with Deane, they went to Namban where he settled his debt with Wage using a roll of new yen. Wage was happy while the boy seemed less pleased. Molly grinned barely at Case as she walked by him, apparently wishing one of them would make a move. They returned for a drink at Chat.

"Waste of time, cowboy," Molly said, pulling out an octagon from her anorak pocket. "How about a few?" She held it up to Case.

"Your new pancreas and liver, Armitage had these flushed out," she said, tapping the octagon with her burgundy nail. "You're not riding on amphetamines or cocaine anymore."

"Shit," he muttered, looking at the octagon. "Have a dozen. Nothing will happen." He did. Nothing happened. After three beers, Molly asked Ratz about the fight shows.

"Sammi," Ratz replied.

"I'm in," Case said. "They say they kill each other there."

An hour later, she bought tickets from a thin Thai in a white T-shirt and rugby pants. Sammi was an inflated dome behind a warehouse near the harbor. The solid gray skin was reinforced with a wire mesh. The corridor formed by doors at each end acted as a lock, stabilizing the pressure inside the dome. Ring-shaped fluorescent lights were attached at intervals to the ceiling, most of them broken. The air was damp and stale, smelled of sweat and concrete.

Despite all that, he wasn't prepared for the arena, the crowd, the tense silence, the towering figures under the dome. Staggered tiers of concrete surrounded the ring, a raised circle from which blinding equipment projected holograms showing the movements of the two men below. Smoke from rows of cigarettes rose in swirls, eventually caught in the blasts that inflated the dome. No sound except for the hum of the fans and the amplified breathing of the fighters.

Color reflections danced across Molly's lenses as the men circled each other. The holograms were ten times magnified; thus, the knives they held reached nearly a meter in length. "It reminds me," Case thought, "of how a sword is wielded." Molly's face remained still and soft, attentive.

"I'm going to get us something to eat," Case said. She nodded, captivated by the dance.

He didn't like it here. He turned around and walked back into the darkness. It was too dark. Too quiet. The crowd, as he observed, was mostly Japanese. No real Night City folk. Techs from the Arcologies. He concluded that the arena had found its place in a corporate leisure program. Briefly, he wondered how it would be to live his life entirely for one Zaibatsu*.

* Zaibatsu = leading Japanese family clans who control business and industry.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Киоск был обнаружен. Он купил якитори на шпажках и два маленьких пива в покрытых воском картонных стаканчиках. Посмотрев вверх к голограммам, он увидел, что одна из фигур кровоточила от груди. Густая, коричневая соусная жидкость капала с шампуров на его лодыжки. Семь дней, и он впитается. Если бы он сейчас закрыл глаза, он увидел бы матрицу. Тени дрожали в ритме веселого танца голограмм. Тогда страх сжал его плечи. Холодный пот перелил по его груди. Операция не удалась. Он все еще был здесь, все еще был плотью; на кружащиеся ножи не ждало ни Молли, ни Армитедж в отеле «Хилтон» с билетами и новым паспортом и деньгами. Это был всего лишь сон, жалкая иллюзия... Горячие слезы потекли по его глазам. В красном всплеске света кровь брызнула из горла. Теперь толпа ревела, прыгая со стульев - фигура упала, голограмма тускнела... Он чувствовал, как рвется в его горле рвота. Он закрыл глаза, глубоко вдохнул, открыл их снова и увидел Линду Ли, проходящую мимо. Ее серые глаза были слепы от страха. Она носила тот же французский комбинезон. И исчезла во тьме. Чистый инстинкт: он бросил пиво и курицу и побежал за ней. Он не знал наверняка, звал ли он ее по имени. Послеобраз тонкой красной световой линии. Разбитый бетон под его тонкими стопами. Вспышка белых кроссовок, теперь почти прижатых к круглой стене. Опять в его глазах пронзил призрачный лазерный луч, пробегающий по его полю зрения, когда он бежал. 56

Кто-то поставила ему ногу. Он раздавил руки о бетон. Он катился, наступил на ногу, не ударил. Это был худой мальчик, в контровом свете радуга цвета над его острым блондинским волосами, наклонявшийся к нему. Над ареной фигура с поднятым ножом обратилась к ликующей толпе. Мальчик улыбнулся и вытащил что-то из рукава. Нож для бритья в ядовито красном цвете, как третий луч, пронзающий их и исчезающий во тьме. Кейс увидел, как нож для бритья, словно магический рулетка, направился к его горлу. Лицо распалось на облако из искр и взрывов. Стрельбы Молли, двадцать в секунду.  Мальчик кашлял и упал на ноги Кейса. Он направился к киоску, во тьму. Он посмотрел вниз, ожидая увидеть рубиновую иглу в его груди. Ничего. Он нашел Линду. Ее сбросили у подножия бетонного столба. Ее глаза были закрыты. Пахло обжиганным мясом. Толпа кричала имя победителя. Продавец пива полировало свои краны темным лакомством. Белый кроссовок как-то отвалился и лежал рядом с ее головой.  Следуя за стеной! Бетонная изгиб. Руки в карманах. Идите дальше! Мимо слепых лиц. Все глаза были устремлены на изображение победителя над рингом. Он заметил лицо европейца в свете спички. Улыбка сжимала его губы вокруг короткого стержня металлической трубки. Хашишный запах. Кейс продолжил свой путь и почувствовал ничего. 
«Кейс», - прозвучали ее линзы во тьме. «В порядке?» Что-то хрипело и гулко в темноте за ней. Он покачал головой. «Бои закончены, Кейс. Время возвращаться домой». Он попытался пройти мимо нее, обратно во тьму, где что-то умирало. Она положила ему руку на грудь, чтобы остановить его. «Друзья твоего близкого друга. Твоя девушка убита. У тебя в этом городе не было счастливых рук в отношении друзей, верно? Мы сделали краткий профиль этого старого свина, когда делали твой, парень. Для нескольких новичков он бы сжигал каждого. Парень сзади говорит, что они вышли на ее след, когда она пыталась продать твой RAM. Конечно, дешевле для них убить женщину и забрать товар. Сэкономить немного... От того, кто имел лазер, я узнал. Случай, что мы здесь были, но мне надо было это проверить». Ее лицо было сжато. 
Кейс почувствовал, как его разум заблокирован. «Кто? Кто ее послал?» - спросил он. Она протянула ему грязную свертку с сахарной имбирной конфетой. Он увидел, что на ее руках была кровь. В темноте сзади рвался кто-то, жуя и умирая. 
После повторного осмотра в клинике Молли отвезла его к порту. Армитедж уже ждал. Он взял в аренду вертолет. Последнее, что Кейс видел из Чибы, были темные углы аркологий. Затем туман покрыл темную воду и плавающие массы мусора.  58

ЧАСТЬ ВТОРАЯ  Покупательская экспедиция  59

Домой. Его домом был БАМА, спрел, мегаполис Бостон-Атланта.  Программируйте карту, показывающую частоту обмена данными при каждом тысяче мегабайт на пиксель* на очень большом экране. Манхэттен и Атланта светятся ярко белым. Затем они начинают мерцать, так как скорость потока угрожает перегрузить вашу симуляцию. На карте вашего компьютера расцветает новая звезда. Только слегка. Вверх с сеткой: каждый пиксель - миллион мегабайт. При ста миллионах мегабайт на квадратный сантиметр вы можете различить отдельные кварталы в Манхэттене, контуры столетних промышленных парков, окружающих старый центр Атланты... 
Кейс проснулся от сна о аэропортах, о черной кожаной одежде Молли, которая проходила мимо него по эскалаторам в Нарите, Схиполе и Орли... Он увидел себя за час до рассвета, покупающим плоскую пластиковую бутылку датского водки на каком-то киоске где-то перед восходом солнца. 
Где-то внизу в стальных бетонных основаниях спрелла шел застойный воздух через туннель. Сам поезд, скользящий по индукционному подкручиванию, был бесшумным, но вытесненный воздух заставлял туннель дрожать субсоническими басами. Вибрация достигла комнаты, в которой он лежал, и подняла пыль из щелей на его морском паркете. 
* Пиксель = управляемые компьютером светящиеся точки изображения на экране. Чем больше пикселей, тем выше графическое разрешение компьютера. - Перевод.  60

Когда он открыл глаза, он увидел Молли, лежащую нагой и вне досягаемости на новой розовой подушке. Солнечный свет падал через ржавое решетчатое окно на потолке. Полметра стекла было заменено деревянной панелью, из которой торчало толстое серое кабель, подвешенное всего в нескольких сантиметрах над полом. Он лежал на боку и наблюдал за ее дыханием, ее грудью, округлостью ее стороны с функциональной элегантностью самолетного фюзеляжа. У нее был стройный, красивый корпус и мышцы балерины. 
Комната была большой. Он встал. Помимо широкой розовой матраца и двух одинаковых новых нильоновых сумок, стоящих рядом, в комнате ничего не было. Бледные стены, без окон, белая лаковая стальная дверь. Стены были покрыты многочисленными слоями белой латексной краски. Париж был расплывчатым сном. Покупки. Она ходила с ним по магазинам. 
Он встал, надел новые джинсы, лежавшие рядом, и присел рядом с ней, на коленях.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Смотреть. Первая, которую он открыл, принадлежала Молли: аккуратно сложенная одежда и дорогие приспособления. Вторая была набита вещами, которые он не мог вспомнить, купленными: книгами, кассетами, колодой Симстим, одеждой с французскими и итальянскими этикетками. Под зелёной футболкой он обнаружил плоское оригами-упаковочное* из японского переработанного бумаги. Бумага рвалась при поднятии; блестящий звездный символ с девятью кончиками выпал и застрял в трещине паркета. «Сувенир», — сказала Молли. — «Я заметила, что ты всегда на него смотрел». Он повернулся и увидел её сидящей в позе лотоса на кровати. Сонная, она чесала живот красными ногтями. «Позднее кто-то придёт, чтобы обеспечить магазин», — сказал Армитедж. Он стоял в открытой двери и держал в руке старый магнитный ключ. Молли готовила кофе на маленьком немецком горшке, который достала из сумки. — Можно я тоже? — сказала она. — У меня достаточно приспособлений. Фароредактор, звуковой детектор... — «Нет», — сказал он, закрыв дверь. — Я хочу, чтобы всё было плотно закрыто. — «Как ты пожелаешь». Она носила чёрное сетчатое футболку, вложенное в чёрную карманную джинсовую брюки. — Ты когда-нибудь был у полиции, Армитедж? — спросил Кейс, сидя спиной к стене. Армитедж не был выше Кейса, но с его широкими плечами и военной позой казался, что он заполняет всю дверь. Он носил тёмный итальянский костюм; в правой руке держал портфель из мягкой чёрного телятины. Сережка спецназа исчезла. Его приятное, безразличное лицо соответствовало обычной красоте косметических бутиков, консервативному образу ведущих медиаперсон последних десятилетий. Яркий блеск его глаз усиливал впечатление маски. Кейс уже пожалел о своём вопросе. — Я имею в виду, много спецназовцев попадают в полицию или охранные службы, — добавил нервный Кейс. Молли протянула ему чашку кофе. — Твоя манера с моим пансом напоминает методы полиции.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Career, baby, that's all," and the sign to be still. "Let's get a breakfast, okay? Eggs with real bacon. You're probably going to die from eating so much artificial Chiba plankton." "Well, come on, let's take the subway to Manhattan and get a proper breakfast!" The lifeless neon spelled out METRO HOLOGRAFIX in dusty uppercase letters made of glass tubes. Case pawed at a piece of bacon stuck between his front teeth. He'd given up asking her where or why; knuckles in her ribs and the sign to be still were all he got as answers. She chatted about current trends, sports, a political scandal in California that he had never heard of before. He looked around in the deserted alleyway. A sheet of newspaper fluttered across the intersection. Moody winds on the East Side, caused by vertical air currents and overlapping domes. Case peered through the window at the dead neon advertisement. Her sprawl wasn't his sprawl; she'd dragged him through a dozen bars and clubs he had never seen before, taking care of business - connections - with just a nod most of the time. Something moved in the shadows behind METRO HOLOGRAFIX. The door was made of corrugated metal. Molly performed complicated gestures in front of it that he couldn't follow. He recognized the sign for money, the rubbing together of thumb and forefinger. The door swung open inward, leading him into the musty interior. She stood them in a narrow passage between piles of junk - 66

old books stuffed into tattered pockets. The mess seemed to have grown there; it looked like a fungus made from bent metal and plastic. He could make out individual items that were already being swallowed up by the mass: the innards of an old TV, its vacuum tubes' glass stubs as ancient as it was; a worn parabolic antenna, a brown glass fiber canister packed with rusty metal tube material. A pile of old magazines had spilled onto the free space; the meat of past summers stared back at him as he followed her through a gully of pressed waste. He heard the door slam shut behind them. He didn't look back. The tunnel ended in an old army blanket nailed to a doorway frame. Bright light streamed out as Molly ducked through it. Four bare, rectangular walls made of black-and-white plastic, the ceiling the same. Hospital floor tiles made of white plastic with a non-slip texture of small, slightly raised circles. In the middle, a square wooden table and four white folding chairs. The man who now stood blinking in the doorway behind them, draping an army blanket over his shoulders like a cape, seemed to have come from a wind tunnel. His ears were tiny and lay flat against his narrow skull, and his long front teeth, showing in a suggested smile, slanted inward. He wore an old tweed jacket and held some sort of hand gun in his hand. He scanned her, blinked, and hid the weapon in a pocket. With a gesture to Case, he indicated a white plastic panel leaning against the door frame. Case went over and saw that it was a massive package of circuits, just under a centimeter thick. He helped the man lift it and attach it to the door. Quick, yellow-tinged fingers secured it with a white Velcro band. A hidden fan started humming. "Time," said the man, straightening up, "is running. You know the price, Molly."  "We need a scan, Finn. On implants."  "Then go over between the columns. Mark them. Straight as an arrow, yes. Now slowly turn, full 360 degrees." Case watched her slowly turning between unsteady-looking, sensor-equipped columns. The man pulled out a small monitor and glanced at it briefly. "New in your head, yes? Siliconon pyrolytic carbon cladding. A watch, right? Your lenses give the same display as always, isotrope low temperature carbon. Better biocompatibility with pyrolytic carbon, but that's your business, right? That goes for your claws too."  "Here, Case," he said, pointing to a black X on the white floor. "Slowly turn." "He's a virgin," the man shrugged. "A few cheap fillings, that's all."  "Checking biomaterials?" Molly opened her green vest and took off her dark glasses.  "Do you think this is the stuff? Get up on the table, kid, we're doing a little biopsy." He laughed, showing more of his yellow teeth. "No. My word, sweetheart, no bugs, no cortical bombs. Can the canopy go down?"  "Just long enough for you to disappear, Finn. Then we want total shielding, as long as we want it."  "Fine with me, Molly. You pay by the second." They closed the door behind him and Molly turned one of the white chairs around and sat, resting her chin on her folded arms. "Let's talk. We're as undisturbed here as my wallet allows."  "About what?"  "What we do."  "What we do? "  "Work for Armitage."  "Not to his advantage, you say?"  "Yes. I've seen your profile, Case. And once the rest of our shopping list."  "Have you ever worked with the dead?"  "No." He studied his reflection in her lenses. "I could, I guess. I'm good at everything I do." The present tense made him nervous.  "You know that the Dixie Flatline is dead?"  He nodded. "Of course I have."  "You'll be working with his design." She laughed. "Taught you the trade, huh? Him and Quine. I know Quine, by the way. Real asshole."  "Someone saved McCoy Pauley? Who?" Now Case sat down and rested his elbows on the table. "It doesn't make sense to me. He would never have given himself up for that."  "Sense/Net. They probably paid him a pretty penny, bet."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Is Quine also dead?" "He had no such luck. He's sitting in Europe. Has nothing to do with it." "Well, if we get the flatline, we're out of the woods. He was the best. You know he was three times clinically dead?" She nodded. "Flatline on EEG. Man, I was too-ot." "Look, Case, I've been trying to find out who's behind Armitage since I started working for him. But it doesn't seem to be a Zaibatsu or a government or a Yakuza subsidiary. Armitage gets orders. For example, someone tells him to go to Chiba and take down a pill-popper who's holed up in the last zones of the burn-through area, and acquire a program for the operation that will restore him. For what the market would have paid for that surgical program, we could've bought twenty world-class cowboys." "You were good, but not that good..." She scratched her nose. "Apparently it makes sense to someone. Someone big." "I'm not trying to step on your toes." She grinned. "We're going to pull a heavy one to get the flatline construction. Sense/Net keeps them locked up in an archive in the suburbs. Tight as anything, Case. Well, Sense/Net also stores all new material from last fall there. If we steal it, we'll be rich as croes. But no, we're only supposed to get the flatline, nothing else. Strange." "Yeah, everything's pretty strange. You're strange, this hole is strange, and who's that little strange rat in the corridor?" "Finne's an old connection of mine. A dealer, mainly software. This hobby's a side hustle. But I convinced Armitage to take him on as our tech here. So if he shows up later, you've never seen him, got it?" "And how did Armitage prepare you?" "I'm easy-going." She smiled. "When someone's worth something, that counts, right? You've got a plug, I've got a fight. " He stared at her. "Come on, tell me what you know about Armitage." "First off, no Armitage participated in Screaming Fist. I checked. But that doesn't mean much. He has nothing in common with the photos of the kids who got away." She shrugged. "Big deal. That's all I know." She tapped her nails on the table. "You're a cowboy, right? Maybe you could take a look around?" She smiled again. "He'd kill me." "Maybe. Maybe not. I think he needs you, Case, badly. Plus, you're a bright guy, right? You'll get there." "What else is on this list you've been talking about?" "Toys, mostly for you. And an established psychopath named Peter Riviera. He's really unpleasant." "Where is he?" "I don't know. The guy's totally off the rails, no kidding. I saw his profile." She made a face. "Terrible." She stood up and stretched like a cat. "So we've got an axis, huh? We're in the same boat? Partners?" Case looked at her. "Because there's not much else left for me, right?" She laughed. "You got it, cowboy."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He pulled the black silk sleeping sack over Molly's head. The security package, taped to the fire-resistant steel door with duct tape, beeped twice. "Access granted," it said. "One person authorized."  "Then open up!" Case removed the silk from his face and sat up as the door swung open. He expected Molly or Armitage.

"Goddamn," a hoarse voice said. "I know that bitch can see in the dark..." A stocky figure entered, closing the door behind him.  "Turn on some light!" Case roused himself and groped for the old-fashioned light switch.  "I'm Finn," the Finn said, eyeing Case menacingly.  "Case."  "Nice to meet ya, pal. I do a little hardware for your boss." The Finn pulled out a packet of Paragas from his pocket and lit one up. The pungent smell of Cuban tobacco filled the room. He walked over to the worktable and glanced at the Ono-Sendai.  "Apparently a prototype," he said, shaking his head. "We've got the same here. Problem is..." He pulled a crumpled Manila envelope from an inner pocket, sprinkled ashes on the floor, and removed a nondescript black rectangle from it.  "Goddamn factory models," he muttered, throwing it onto the table. "Pour them in polycarbonate, you can't get at 'em with a laser unless you burn the device. Shielded against X-rays, ultrasound... God knows what else. But we're getting in, right? Even if these godless bastards don't want us to." He folded the envelope carefully and tucked it away in his inner pocket.

"What is it?"  "A flip-flop circuit, basically. Wired to your Sendai, it allows you access to stim, live or recorded, without having to disengage from the matrix." 
"Why would I want that?" 
"Don't know. All I know is Molly's getting equipped with a transmitter. Probably her sensorium for you to tap into." The Finn scratched his chin. "So you'll soon find out just how tight those pants fit on her, huh?"

Case sat in the storage room, electrodes attached to his forehead, watching dust motes dance in the sunlight streaming through the skylight. A countdown appeared at a corner of the monitor screen.  "Cowboys don't use stim," he thought, because it was basically a flesh play. He knew that the implanted electrodes and the small plastic stinger hanging from a stim-deck were essentially the same thing, and the cyberspace matrix was a significant simplification of human sensation, at least in terms of representation—but stim seemed to him an imposed amplification of physical inputs. The commercial material was obviously edited, so nothing felt out of place if Tally Isham got a headache in the middle of it.  The monitor beeped a two-second warning. The new switch was connected to his Sendai through a thin strand of fiber optic cable.

One and two and... Cyberspace emerged, coalescing from all four directions. It felt firm, but not quite firm enough. Needed another polish... Then he activated the new circuit. Abrupt transition into another flesh. Matrix gone, a wave of sounds and colors... He was walking down a bustling street, past stalls hawking software. 
Felt-tip numbers on plastic price tags. Music snippets from countless speakers. A smell of urine, free monomers, perfume, krill paste... For several panicked seconds he struggled helplessly to regain control over her body. Then he yielded and became a passive passenger behind her eyes. The glasses didn't block out sunlight. He wondered if the built-in image amplifiers automatically compensated. Blue numbers in the lower left corner of his visual field blinked, indicating the time. "Time's up," he thought. Her body language was confusing, her style unsettling. She seemed to be constantly bumping into people who moved away, stepped aside, made room for her.

"How are you doing, Case?" He heard the words and felt her forming them. She shoved a hand into her jacket and let her fingertips trail along the nipple under the warm silk. He held his breath at the sensation. She laughed. But the connection was one-sided. He had no way to respond.

After two blocks, she entered Memory Lane. Case tried repeatedly to focus her eyes on distinctive landmarks he could use for orientation. Passivity was getting on his nerves.

The transition into cyberspace happened instantly when he pressed the switch.  He smashed through a wall of primitive ice in New York's city library, automatically counting possible windows. Switched over to her sensation, into the flow of muscles, the sharp, clear sine waves... He caught himself appraising her mind, the one sharing these impressions with him. What did he know about her? That she was also a pro and that because she was, she earned her keep, as she put it. He knew how she moved against him when she woke up earlier, how they both groaned together as he entered her, and that she preferred her coffee black afterward... Her target was one of the shady software rental places lining Memory Lane. The building was deathly silent. Stalls lined the entrance hall. The clientele was young, most under twenty. They all had implanted carbon contacts behind their left ears, though Molly didn't even glance at them. 
Hundreds of microcomputer-software chips were displayed on shelves in front of each stall, rectangular shards of colored silicone, sealed and attached to white cardboard strips. Molly walked up to the seventh stall on the south wall. A boy with a shaved head stared into space, holes in his eyes. A dozen microsoft chips protruded from his contact behind his ear.

"Hey, Larry," she said. He focused his eyes, sat up, and pulled out a red fingernail a dirty chip from his contact.  "Hey, Larry."

"Molly." He nodded.  "I've got a job for your friends, Larry." Larry took a flat plastic case from his red sports shirt pocket, opened it, and slid the microsoft to another dozen chips. His hand paused; he chose a black-glazed chip slightly longer than the rest and skillfully inserted it into his head. His pupils constricted.

"Molly's got a rider," he said, "and Larry doesn't like that." 
"Well," she said, "I didn't know you were... so sensitive. I'm surprised. It costs a lot to get that way." 
"Do you know me?" The empty look returned. 
"Looking for software?" 
"I need the Panther Modems." 
"What do you mean?" 
"Case, get out!" She said it, and Case pressed the switch, returning instantly to the matrix. Afterimages of the software rental place flickered through the flickering silence of cyberspace for several seconds. 
"Panther Modems," he told Hosaka, removing the electrodes. "Five-minute recap." 
"Done," the computer said. Case didn't know what it meant. It was something new that had emerged during his time in Chiba. Modems rolled over youth in the sprawl at light speed...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Подкультуры могли появиться за ночь и процветать несколько недель, прежде чем внезапно исчезнуть с лица земли. — «Поехали!» — сказал он. Хосака просмотрел свои списки библиотек, архивов газет и агентств новостей. Общий обзор начался с длинной цветной фотографии, которую сначала принял за коллаж, изображающий лицо мальчика, вырезанное из фотографии и приклеенное к рисунку обшарпанной стены. Темные глаза с монголинскими складками, очевидно, сделанные хирургически, яркая акне на бледных узких щеках. Хосака оставил фотографию в покое; мальчик двигался, с грацией мими, воплощающего джунглевого хищника. Его тело было почти невидимо; абстрактный рисунок, соответствующий обшарпанной кирпичной стене, скользил по его тесному однотонному костюму. Мимическое поликарбонатное стекло. Перескок к доктору Вирджинии Рамали, социологу из Нью-Йоркского университета. Имя, факультет и школа, представленные в алфавитном порядке, текли по экрану розовым цветом. — Учитывая их склонность к спонтанным актам сюрреалистического насилия, зрителям может быть трудно понять, почему вы продолжаете настаивать на том, что это явление не является формой терроризма, — сказал кто-то. Доктор Рамали улыбнулась. — Важно обратить внимание на момент, когда террорист прекращает манипулировать средствами массовой информации. Момент, когда насилие может эскалировать, но террорист становится симптоматичным для самой формы средств массовой информации. Терроризм, как мы его обычно понимаем, связан с природой СМИ. Пантеры-модемы отличаются от других террористов своим уровнем самоосознания и осведомленностью о том, насколько сильно СМИ могут отделить террористический акт от первоначального социально-политического намерения... — «Достаточно!» — сказал Кейс.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он был единственным звуком, когда Кейс погрузился в мерцающий лед Сенс/Нет. Хорошо. Проверь Молли. Он нажал на симстим и переключился в её сенсорное пространство. Вертикатор слегка искажал входящие сигналы изображения. Она стояла перед зеркальной стеной, украшенной золотыми пятнами, в огромном белом фойе здания, жевала жвачку и, казалось, восхищалась своим отражением. Помимо большого солнцезащитного очков, которые скрывали её встроенные зеркальные объективы, ей удавалось довольно хорошо выглядеть незаметно, как будто она просто туристка, надеющаяся увидеть Талли Ишам. Она носила розовый пластиковый плащ, белую сетчатую блузку и широкие белые брюки, которые были в моде в Токио в прошлом году. Она беззаботно улыбнулась и щелкнула жвачкой. Он почувствовал на её грудной клетке клейкую повязку, плоские маленькие устройства под ней: передатчик, симстим-единица и вертикатор. На шее прилипло наклеивающееся микрофон, напоминающее круглую пластырь от боли. Ее руки в карманах розового плаща систематически выполняли изометрические упражнения. Прошло несколько секунд, прежде чем он понял, что ощущение на пальцах ее рук от кlingen было вызвано их частичным выпадением и вновь входом в положение. Он переключился. Его программа достигла пятого тора. Он наблюдал, как ледокол оценивал сигналы перед его глазами и маневрировал, едва осознавая, как его руки танцуют по палубе и вносят незначительные коррективы. Прозрачные слои цветов скользили друг над другом, как в анимации. "Возьми карту", - подумал он. Какую-нибудь. Тор исчез. Он рассмеялся. Лед Сенс/Нет принял ее ввод как рутинный обмен данными от Лос-Анджелеса-комплекса консорциума. Он был внутри. За ним запускались вирусные субпрограммы, которые переплетались с структурой тора и отвлекали правильные данные от Лос-Анджелеса по прибытии. 
Он снова переключился. Молли прогуливалась вокруг огромного круглого стойки регистрации в заднем фойе. 0:01:20 мигало на ее сетчатке. К полночью, синхронизированный с чипом за глазом Молли, агент "Пантер" передал ему "полную мощность". Девять агентов "Пантер", расположенных одновременно в двухсот милях в спроуле, отправили с монетных телефонов экстренный вызов. Каждый из них коротко сообщил, затем повесил трубку и исчез в ночи, снимая перчатки хирурга со пальцев. Девять различных полицейских участков и служб безопасности получили информацию о том, что неизвестное член фундаменталистской христианской группы только что ввела критическую дозу запрещенного психоактивного вещества под названием "Синий Девять" в систему вентиляции пирамиды Сенс/Нет. Оказалось, что "Синий Девять", известный в Калифорнии как "Скорбный ангел", вызывает у 85 процентов испытуемых острую паранойю и импульсивность к убийству.
Кейс переключился, когда его программа пробивалась сквозь ворота подсистемы, отвечающей за безопасность исследовательского архива Сенс/Нет. Он оказался в лифте. 
"Извините, вы являетесь персоналом?" - охранник приподнял брови. Молли щелкнула жвачкой. "Нет", - сказала она и ударила двумя первыми суставами своей правой ноги по солнечному сплетению мужчины. Когда он согнулся и потянулся к пульту вызова на своем ремне, она ударила его головой в сторону стенки лифта. 
С некоторой нервозностью жевая, она нажала кнопки "Закрыть" и "Стоп" на освещенной панели. Она вынула черную коробку из кармана плаща и вставила контакт в отверстие замка, обеспечивающего работу панели управления. 
Модемы "Пантер" выделили четыре минуты для своего первого хода и затем ввели вторую тщательно рассчитанную дозу дезинформации. На этот раз они напрямую подкормили ее внутренней системе видео в здании Сенс/Нет. 
В 0:04:03 каждый экран в здании на восемьнадцать секунд мигал с частотой, которая вызывала внезапные головокружения у соответствующих сотрудников Сенс/Нет. Затем на экране появилось только отдаленно напоминающее человека лицо; движения его выражали асимметричную костную структуру, как отвратительная проекция Меркатора*. 
Влажные голубые губы расступились, когда резкие, заостренные челюсти начали двигаться. Что-то похожее на руку, напоминающее пучок сухих корней, дрожащим образом ткнулось в камеру, затем размылось и исчезло. 
Под быстрыми, скользящими взглядами графически отображенного уровня заражения питьевой воды в здании, рук в перчатках, манипулирующих лазерными приборами, и чего-то, что упало в темноту, светлый всплеск... Звук соответствовал ускорению до почти двойной скорости воспроизведения. 
* Проекция Меркатора = верное картографическое изображение (по имени фламандского географа Меркатора).
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The virus from Case had carved a window into the control ice of the archive. Case hacked through and stumbled upon an endless, blue room, dotted with color-coded spheres suspended on a tight grid of bright blue neon. In non-space of the matrix, the interior of any data structure possessed boundless subjective dimensions; a computer game for children, coupled with Case's Sendai, could have conjured bottomless chasms of nothingness with just a few basic commands. Case began typing in the sequence that the Finn had bought from a middleman with a heavy drug problem. Already he glided through the spheres as if on unseen rails. Here. There! The cold, blue neon vault above him was star-less and smooth as milk glass as he hacked his way through a sphere and started a subprogram that triggered certain changes in the core of the security. Now out! Careful retreat, with the virus reassembling the substance of the window. Done! In the Sense/Net foyer, two watchful panther modems crouched behind a low, rectangular plant container and recorded the commotion with a video camera. They wore chameleon dresses. "The tactical combat troops are spraying barrier foam," said one into his neck microphone. "Emergency services are still trying to launch their helicopter." Case switched on Simstim. And entered the hellish pain of a broken bone. Molly leaned against the bare, gray wall of a long corridor. Her breathing was shallow and gasping. Case was instantly back in the matrix. A white-glowing pain surge faded in his left thigh. "What's wrong, Brood?" he asked the connection man. "Don't know, Cutter. Mom isn't answering. Bad!" The Case program cycled. A hair-thin thread of neon glow stretched from the center of the restored window to the shifting contours of his icebreaker. He had no time to wait. Taking a deep breath, he switched again. Molly took a step and tried to lean her weight on the corridor wall. Case groaned in his memory space. Her second step carried her over an outstretched arm. Uniform sleeves, splattered with fresh blood. A chilling impression of a broken shock knuckle made of fiberglass. Her field of vision seemed to narrow down to a tunnel. On her third step, Case cried out and found himself back in the matrix. "Brood? Boston, baby..." Her voice was distorted by pain. She coughed. "Little problem with my hips. Think one of them broke my leg." "What do you need, cat mother?" The connection man's voice came through, weak from static noise. Case forced himself to switch. She leaned against the wall and shifted all her weight onto her right leg. She rummaged in her kangaroo pouch and pulled out a plastic sheet with a colorful row of dermadiscs stuck on it. She chose three and pressed them firmly against her left wrist over the veins. Six thousand micrograms of an endorphin substance hit like a hammer on the pain, crushing it. Her back jerked spasmodically. Warm waves pulsed through her thighs. She sighed and relaxed slowly. "Okay, Brood. Okay now. But I need a doctor when I get out. Tell my people! Cutter, I'm two minutes from the target. Can you hang in?" "Tell her I'm here and staying," said Case. Molly began hobbling down the corridor. When she glanced back, Case saw three Sense/Net security guards crumpled on the floor. One of them seemed to have no eyes. "Combat troops and emergency services have sealed off the ground floor, cat mother. Barrier foam. It's slick in the foyer." "Down here too," said Molly, and pushed through a gray steel door. "Almost there, Cutter." Case switched back to the matrix and removed the electrodes from his forehead. He was drenched in sweat. He wiped his forehead with a towel, took a quick sip of water from a bike bottle next to the Hosaka, and checked the archive plan on the monitor. A red blinking cursor moved along the outline of a door. Just millimeters from the green dot marking the location of the Dixie Flatline construction. He wondered what happened to her leg if she kept going like that. With enough endorphin, she could walk on bloody stumps. He tightened the nylon straps holding him in the chair and put the electrodes back on. Pure routine: Electrodes, plug in, turn on. The Sense/Net research archive was a dead storage room; the stored material had to be manually moved before it could be interfaced. Molly hobbled through rows of identical gray lockers. "Tell her five more, then ten left, Brood," said Case. "Five more, then ten left, cat mother," repeated the connection man. She turned left. A pale librarian crouched between two lockers, cheeks damp, eyes staring. Molly ignored the woman. Case wondered what the modems had done to cause such terror. He knew it had something to do with a false disaster report but was too busy with his ice to follow Molly's actions. "That's it," said Case, but she had already stopped in front of the locker containing the construction. The shape of the cabinets reminded Case of the neo-Aztec bookcases in Julie Deanes' study in Chiba. "Come on, Cutter!" said Molly. Case switched to Kyberspace and sent a command through the red neon thread penetrating the archive ice. Five independent alarm systems were convinced they were still operational. The three with swiveling locks opened but considered themselves closed. The central bank of the archive had to accept a small change in its permanent memory: the construction had been removed at the request of management one month ago. If a librarian checked the validity of the procedure, he would find that the records had been deleted. The door opened silently. "0467839," said Case, and Molly pulled out a black package from the locker. It resembled a magazine.The virus from Case had drilled a window into the control ice of the archive. Case hacked through and found himself in an infinite, blue room, peppered with color-coded spheres suspended on a close grid of bright blue neon. In non-space of the matrix, the interior of any data structure possessed boundless subjective dimensions; a computer game for children, coupled with Case's Sendai, could have conjured bottomless chasms of nothingness with just a few basic commands. Case began typing in the sequence that the Finn had bought from a middleman with a heavy drug problem. Already he glided through the spheres as if on unseen rails. Here! There! The cold blue neon vault above him was star-less and smooth as milk glass, as he hacked his way through a sphere and started a subprogram that triggered certain changes in the core of the security. Now out! Careful retreat, while the virus reassembled the substance of the window. Done! In the Sense/Net foyer, two watchful panther modems crouched behind a low, rectangular plant container and recorded the commotion with a videocamera. They wore chameleon dresses. "The tactical combat troops are spraying barrier foam," said one into his neck microphone. "Emergency services are still trying to launch their helicopter." Case switched on Simstim. And he felt the hellish pain of a broken bone. Molly leaned against the bare, gray wall of a long corridor. Her breathing was shallow and gasping. Case was instantly back in the matrix. A white-glowing pain surge faded in his left thigh. "What's wrong, Brood?" he asked the contact man. "Don't know, Cutter. Mother doesn't answer. Bad!" The program of Case cycled. A thin thread of neon, a vivid red, stretched from the center of the restored window to the shifting outlines of his icebreaker. He had no time for waiting. With a deep breath, he switched again. Molly took a step and tried to support her weight against the corridor wall. Case groaned in his memory space. Her second step led her over an outstretched arm. Uniform sleeves, splattered with fresh blood. A terrifying impression of a broken fiberglass stun baton. Her field of vision seemed narrowed down to a tunnel. On her third step, Case screamed and found himself back in the matrix. "Brood? Boston, baby..." Her voice was distorted by pain. She coughed. "Little problem with my legs. Think one of them broke mine." "What do you need, cat mother?" The contact man's voice came through, weak, overlaid with static noise. Case forced himself to switch. She leaned against the wall and shifted all her weight onto her right leg. She rummaged in her kangaroo pouch and pulled out a plastic sheet on which a colorful row of dermadiscs was stuck. She chose three and pressed them firmly against her left wrist over the veins. Six thousand micrograms of an endorphin substance hit like a hammer on the pain, crushing it. Her back jerked with spasms. Warm waves pulsed through her thighs. She sighed and relaxed gradually. "Okay, Brood. Okay now. But I need a doctor when I get out. Tell my people! Cutter, I'm two minutes from the target. Can you hold on?" "Tell her I'm here and staying," said Case. Molly began hobbling down the corridor. When she glanced back, Case saw three Sense/Net security guards crumpled on the floor. One of them seemed to have no eyes. "Combat troops and emergency services have sealed off the ground floor, cat mother. Barrier foam. It's slippery in the foyer." "Down here too," said Molly, and pushed through a gray steel door. "Almost there, Cutter." Case switched back to the matrix and removed the electrodes from his forehead. He was drenched with sweat. He wiped himself down with a towel, took a quick sip of water from a bicycle water bottle next to the Hosaka, and checked the archive plan on the monitor. A red blinking cursor moved along the outline of a door. Just millimeters from the green dot marking the location of the Dixie Flatline construction. He wondered what happened to her leg if she kept going like this. With enough endorphin, she could walk on bloody stumps. He tightened the nylon straps holding him in the chair, put the electrodes back on. Pure routine: Electrodes, plug in, turn on. The Sense/Net research archive was a dead storage room; the stored materials had to be manually moved before they could be interfaced. Molly hobbled through rows of identical gray lockers. "Tell her five more, then ten left, Brood," said Case. "Five more, then ten left, cat mother," echoed the contact man. She turned left. A pale librarian crouched between two lockers, cheeks damp, eyes staring. Molly ignored the woman. Case wondered what the modems had done to cause such terror. He knew it was something to do with a false catastrophe report, but he was too busy with his ice to follow Molly's actions. "That's it," said Case, but she had already stopped in front of the locker containing the construction. The shape of the cabinets reminded Case of the neo-Aztec bookcases in Julie Deanes study in Chiba. "Come on, Cutter!" said Molly. Case switched to Kyberspace and sent a command through the neon red thread penetrating the archive ice. Five independent alarm systems were convinced they were still operational. The three on swiveling locks opened, but considered themselves closed. The central bank of the archive had to accept a minor change in its permanent memory: the construction had been removed at the request of management one month ago. If a librarian checked the validity of the procedure, he would find that the records had been erased. The door opened silently. "0467839," said Case, and Molly pulled out a black package from the locker. It resembled a magazine.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
schweren Sturmgewehrs und war mit allerlei Warn hinweisen und Geheimhaltungsbezeichnungen beklebt. Molly schloss das Fach. Case schaltete um. Er holte den Faden im Archiv-Eis ein. Er schnellte ins Programm zurück, was automatisch einen Rücklauf im ganzen System auslöste. Die Sense/Net-Tore schwirrten an ihm vorbei, als er sich zurückzog, und Subprogramme wirbelten zum Kernstück seines Eisbrechers, als er die Stationen der Tore passierte. "Raus, Brood!", sagte er und sank auf seinen Stuhl zu rück. Nach der Konzentration eines handfesten Laufs konnte er eingesteckt und sich dennoch seines Körpers bewusst bleiben. Sense/Net würde wohl Tage brauchen, um den Diebstahl der Konstruktion zu entdecken. Der Schlüssel dazu wäre der abgelenkte Transfer von Los Angeles, der zu eindeutig mit dem Terroranschlag der Modems zusammenfiel. Case bezweifelte, dass die drei Wachmänner, die Molly im Korridor über den Weg gelaufen waren, noch leben würden, um aussagen zu können. Er schaltete um. Der Aufzug, an dessen Schalttafel Mollys Blackbox klebte, stand noch da, wie sie ihn zurückgelassen hatte. Der Wachmann lag nach wie vor zusammengekrümmt auf dem Boden. Case bemerkte das Derm an seinem Hals erst jetzt. Mollys Werk, um ihn unten zu halten. Sie trat über ihn hinweg und entfernte die Blackbox, woraufhin sie FOYER drückte. Als die Aufzugtür zischend aufging, taumelte eine Frau rückwärts aus dem Menschengewühl in die Kabine und schlug mit dem Kopf gegen die Rückwand. Molly ignorierte sie, bückte sich und zog das Derm vom Hals des Wachmanns ab. Dann beförderte sie mit einem Fußtritt die weiße Hose und den pinken Regenmantel zur Aufzugtür hinaus, warf die Sonnenbrille hinterher und zog sich die Kapuze ihres Anzugs in die Stirn. Die Konstruktion in der Känguruh-Tasche ihres Anzugs drückte bei jeder Bewegung gegen das Brustbein. Sie trat hin aus. Case hatte schon Panik erlebt, aber noch nie in einem geschlossenen Raum.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
schweren Sturmgewehrs und war mit allerlei Warnhinweisen und Geheimhaltungsbezeichnungen beklebt. Molly schloss das Fach. Case schaltete um. Er holte den Faden im Archiv-Eis ein. Er schnellte ins Programm zurück, was automatisch einen Rücklauf im ganzen System auslöste. Die Sense/Net-Tore schwirrten an ihm vorbei, als er sich zurückzog, und Subprogramme wirbelten zum Kernstück seines Eisbrechers, als er die Stationen der Tore passierte. "Raus, Brood!", sagte er und sank auf seinen Stuhl zu rück. Nach der Konzentration eines handfesten Laufs konnte er eingesteckt und sich dennoch seines Körpers bewusst bleiben. Sense/Net würde wohl Tage brauchen, um den Diebstahl der Konstruktion zu entdecken. Der Schlüssel dazu wäre der abgelenkte Transfer von Los Angeles, der zu eindeutig mit dem Terroranschlag der Modems zusammenfiel. Case bezweifelte, dass die drei Wachmänner, die Molly im Korridor über den Weg gelaufen waren, noch leben würden, um aussagen zu können. Er schaltete um. Der Aufzug, an dessen Schalttafel Mollys Blackbox klebte, stand noch da, wie sie ihn zurückgelassen hatte. Der Wachmann lag nach wie vor zusammengekrümmt auf dem Boden. Case bemerkte das Derm an seinem Hals erst jetzt. Mollys Werk, um ihn unten zu halten. Sie trat über ihn hinweg und entfernte die Blackbox, woraufhin sie FOYER drückte. Als die Aufzugtür zischend aufging, taumelte eine Frau rückwärts aus dem Menschengewühl in die Kabine und schlug mit dem Kopf gegen die Rückwand. Molly ignorierte sie, bückte sich und zog das Derm vom Hals des Wachmanns ab. Dann beförderte sie mit einem Fußtritt die weiße Hose und den pinken Regenmantel zur Aufzugtür hinaus, warf die Sonnenbrille hinterher und zog sich die Kapuze ihres Anzugs in die Stirn. Die Konstruktion in der Känguruh-Tasche ihres Anzugs drückte bei jeder Bewegung gegen das Brustbein. Sie trat hin aus. Case hatte schon Panik erlebt, aber noch nie in einem geschlossenen Raum.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Версия дешёвого отеля, каждый из которых имел длину в сорок метров. Кейс встретил Молли, когда она только что вышла из одного из них, на котором было красочно выполненное логотип определённого Геральда Чина, зубного врача. Она хромала. «Он говорит, если я что-то наступлю, оно отвалится», — сказала она. «Я встретила одного из твоих знакомых», — сказал он, — «современного». «О да? Кто же это?» — спросила она. «Лупус Йондербой. У него было сообщение». Он протянул ей бумажное серветочное полотенце, на котором красным фломастером было написано «WINTERMUTE». «Он сказал...», — начала она, но Кейс жестом заставил её замолчать. «Пойдём поедим крабов», — сказала она. После обеда в Балтиморе — Молли с легкостью разрезала краба — они ехали на метро в Нью-Йорк. Кейсу пришлось перестать задавать вопросы; только жесты заставляли его замолчать. Её нога, казалось, причиняла ей боль, и она не говорила много. Маленькая темнокожая девушка с плотно сплетёнными деревянными бисерными нитями в волосах и старомодными резисторами на ушах открыла дверь фина и провела их через коридор, заполненный мусором. Кейс почувствовал, что вещи как-то выросли. По крайней мере, так ему казалось, когда они изменялись незаметно под давлением времени, как бесшумные невидимые хлопья, образующие слой из устаревшей технологии, скрытой на свалках сплошного города. За армейским одеялом финн ждал на белом столе. Через десять минут он вернулся, с улыбкой показывая свои жёлтые зубы. Он кивнул, сделал жест, который Кейс не понял и который казался смесью нетерпения и мрачного отчаяния. Он встал и вытер крошки со своей потёртой твидовой куртки. На столе рядом с упаковкой хрустящих крекеров и пластиковой упаковкой печенья, а также металлическим пепельницей, полной сигaret «Партас» лежало стеклянное баночное хранилище соленых анчоусов. «Минута», — сказал финн и исчез из комнаты. Молли села на его место, вытащила нож и пронзила кусок анчоуса. Кейс ходил по комнате, прикасаясь пальцами к сканирующей установке на столбе. Через десять минут финн вернулся, с улыбкой показывая свои жёлтые зубы. Он кивнул, сделал жест, означающий «все в порядке», и попросил Кейса помочь ему с дверью. Пока Кейс прижимал застежку, финн вытащил из кармана небольшую плоскую консоль и ввел сложную последовательность. «Сладкая», — сказал он Молли, снова складывая консоль, — «здесь нет следов запаха. Расскажи мне, откуда ты это получил?» «Йондербой», — ответила Молли, отодвинув баночку с анчоусами и упаковку крекеров. — Я заключила сделку с Ларри». «Умно», — сказал финн. — Это ИИ. Кейс вмешался: «Всё правильно, но в чём тут польза?» «Если Йондербой прав», — продолжил финн, — то эта ИИ стоит за Армитажем». «Я заплатила Ларри, чтобы он немного подслушал Армитажа через модемы», — объяснила Молли Кейсу. — У них самые странные связи. Соглашение таково: они получат мои деньги, если смогут ответить на вопрос: кто стоит за Армитажем?» «ИИ, верно? Но они не должны работать автономно. Это должна быть материнская компания...» — «Тессер-Ашпул SA», — прервал его финн. — И я расскажу вам небольшую историю об этой компании. Хотите её услышать?» Он сел и наклонился вперёд. «Финну нравятся истории», — сказала Молли. «Но я ещё никому не рассказывал эту», — начал финн.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Version of the Cheap Hotel, where each coffin measured forty meters. Case met Molly as she emerged from one of them, bearing the intricately crafted logo of a certain GERALD CHIN, DENTIST. She hob. "He says if I hit something, it falls off." "Met one of your pals," he said, "a modern." "Oh yeah? Who?" "Lupus Yonderboy. Had a message." He handed her a paper napkin on which in his neat, swinging handwriting with red felt tip was written WIN TERMUTE. "He said..." But she signaled him to be quiet with her hand. "Let's go eat crabs," she said. After lunch in Baltimore - Molly had dismembered her crab with alarming ease - they took the subway to New York. Case had learned not to ask questions; all that was left for them were silent signals to stop. Her leg seemed to be bothering her, and she didn't talk much. A slender, small black girl with tightly woven wooden beads in her hair and antique resistances wore a door to the Finn's apartment, leading them through a corridor crammed with junk. Case got the feeling that things had somehow grown since then. At least, it seemed to him as if they were changing imperceptibly, influenced by the pressure of time, as silent, invisible flakes of dust trickled down and formed a mulch layer, a crystalline precipitation of obsolete technology hidden among the refuse heaps of sprawl. Behind the Army blanket, the Finn waited at a white table. 96

With quick gestures, Molly pulled out a piece of paper, scribbled something on it, and pushed it to the Finn. He took it between his thumb and forefinger, as if it could explode. He made a gesture Case didn't understand, one that seemed to be a mix of impatience and grim resignation. He stood up and brushed crumbs from the worn front of his tweed jacket. A screw-top jar of salt herring sat next to an open packet of crackers in plastic and a metal ashtray overflowing with Partagas cigarettes on the table. "Moment," said the Finn, and vanished from the room. Molly took her seat, extended her finger, and skewered a gray piece of herring on it. Case paced back and forth in the room, running his fingers along the scanning apparatus at the columns. Ten minutes later, the Finn returned, grinning and flashing his yellow teeth. He nodded, gave a thumbs-up sign to Molly, and signaled Case to help him with the door. While Case pressed the Velcro strip, the Finn pulled out a small, flat console from his pocket and typed in a complex sequence. "Honey," he said to Molly, tucking away the console, "you got something here. No cheese, I can smell it. Tell me, where'd you get it?" "Yonderboy," said Molly, pushing aside the herring jar and crackers. "Made a deal with Larry." "Smart," said the Finn. "It's an AI." "In order!" said Case.

"Bern," said the Finn, without addressing Case. 97

"Bern. They have unlimited Swiss citizenship as per our 1953 decree. Built for Tessier-Ashpool SA. They own the mainframe and original software." "What's in Bern, okay?" Case deliberately positioned himself between them. "Wintermute is the identification code for an AI. I've got Turing register numbers.* Artificial intelligence,"** Molly explained to Case. "That's quite a bit," she said, "but what does it do for us?" "If Yonderboy's right," said the Finn, "then this AI is behind Armitage." "I paid Larry to let Armitage sniff around through the modems a little," Molly told Case. "They have bizarre connections. The deal is that they get my money if they answer one question: Who's behind Armitage?"

"An AI, you think? They're not even supposed to operate autonomously. It'll be the holding company, this Tessier-Ashpool..."  "Tessier-Ashpool SA," said the Finn. "And I've got a little story about them for you. Want to hear it?" He sat down and leaned forward.

"The Finn loves stories," said Molly. "But you haven't told me any yet," began the Finn.


* Turing = English mathematician who in 1936 described an ideal universal machine (Turing machine) capable of solving an uncountable number of complex mathematical and logical problems. - Translation note.
** Artificial Intelligence = AI - Translation note.


The Finn was a dealer, mainly in software. In the course of his business, he sometimes came into contact with other dealers who traded in more traditional items from this field: precious metals, stamps, rare coins, gemstones, jewelry, furs and paintings, and other works of art. The story/the tale he told Molly and Case began with a story about another dealer he called Smith.

Smith was also a dealer but operated in calmer times as an art dealer. He was the first the Finn knew who had - for Case, the phrase carried a nostalgic ring - "gone into silicon." The microsofts he purchased were artistic programs and listings from gallery sales. With half a dozen chips in his new contact, Smith had excellent knowledge of the art scene, at least according to the standards of his peers.

Now, Smith came to the Finn asking for help, "colleague assistance" as he put it. He wanted information about the Tessier-Ashpool clan.  However, the research should be conducted in such a way that no conclusions could be drawn about the source of the inquiry, as he emphasized. That was possible, had been the Finn's response, but an explanation was due anyway. "It smelled," said the Finn to Case, "it smelled like money. And Smith was very careful. Almost too careful."

Smith turned out to have a supplier named Jimmy. This Jimmy, among other things, was a burglar who had just returned from a one-year stay in orbit and had brought down goods through the gravity shaft. The most elaborate item Jimmy managed to acquire on his rampage through the archipelago was a head - an intricately crafted bust of Cloisonne on platinum with pearls.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Und ein Lapislazuli-Besatz. Смит вздохнул и отложил свой микроскоп, посоветовав Джимми расплавить это вещество. Он сказал, что это не антиквариат и не имеет коллекционной ценности. Джимми рассмеялся. Это был компьютерный терминал, — сказал он. Он мог говорить, но не с синтезированной голосом, а с помощью изящного механизма из миниатюрных трубок. Совершенно необычный предмет, если учесть, что чипы для синтезированной речи можно купить по ничтожной цене. Невероятная редкость, странность. Смит вставил голову в компьютер и слушал, как мелодичный автоматический голос произносит суммы налоговых возвратов прошлого года. К клиентской базе Смита принадлежал миллиардер из Токио, чья страсть к механическим игрушкам приближалась к фетишизму. Смит лишь пожимал плечами и показывал Джимми свои ладони, обращённые вверх — жест, столь же старый, как и паевая система. Он мог попробовать, но, скорее всего, не получил бы за это много. После ухода Джимми Смит осмотрел оставленный головной узел и обнаружил различные марки качества. В конце концов он выяснил, что этот предмет был создан в результате необычного сотрудничества двух мастеров из Цюриха, одного специалиста по миниатюрному гравированию из Парижа, голландского ювелира и калифорнийского дизайнера чипов; по заказу Tessier-Ashpool SA. Смит дал коллекционеру из Токио первые подсказки о том, что он имеет дело с чем-то необычным. И тогда к нему пришел незваный гость, который, казалось, не испытывал никаких трудностей со своей сложной системой безопасности, как будто она и не существовала. Это был маленький японец, невероятно вежливый, который обладал всеми чертами искусственно созданного убийцы-ниндзя*. Смит сидел совершенно неподвижно и смотрел через полированный стол из вьетнамского розового дерева в спокойные, коричневые глаза ангела смерти. С осторожностью, почти с соблазном, клонированный убийца объяснил, что его обязанность — восстановить определённое произведение искусства, аппарат великой красоты, который был украден из дома господина. Он сказал, что узнал, что Смит может предоставить более подробную информацию о местонахождении этого предмета. Смит сказал тому человеку, что он не желает умирать и достал головной узел. Сколько он хочет за это, — спросил его гость. Смит назвал сумму, которая была намного ниже первоначальной цены, которую он ожидал. Ниндзя вынул кредитный чип и перевёл Смиту эту сумму с швейцарского счёта. И кто принёс ему этот предмет, — ещё хотел узнать Смит. Он назвал имя. Через несколько дней он узнал о смерти Джимми. «И вот я вступаю в игру», — продолжил финн. — Смит знал, что я много работаю на «Мемори-лейн», куда обращаются за дискретной информацией, не имеющей отношения к инициатору. Я нанял ковбоя. Я был посредником, поэтому брал проценты. Смит был очень осторожен. Он только что пережил весьма необычный деловой опыт и снова выскользнул сухим из воды, но всё оставалось запутанным. Кто платил с этого швейцарского счёта? Якуза? Вряд ли. У них очень строгие правила для таких ситуаций, и они всегда защищают получателя. Неужели это были «крутые» сделки? Смит не думал так. Ниндзя = обученный японский воин. — Перевод. «Крутые» сделки имеют свой запах, который ты чувствуешь. Ну, я заставил своего ковбоя копаться в архивах газет, пока мы не обнаружили, что Tessier-Ashpool вовлечён в процесс. Это было по сути о ничем, но мы выяснили имя юридической фирмы. Ковбой взломал ледяной барьер фирмы, что позволило нам получить адрес семьи. Это принесло нам много пользы. — «Брейс» приподнял брови. — «Фрисайд», — сказал финн. — Спиндел. Оказывается, им почти всё принадлежит. Интересное наблюдение было сделано, когда ковбой извлек из архивов газет обычную информацию и составил обзор. Семейная организация. Структура корпорации. Утверждается, что можно купить членство в SA, но акции Tessier-Ashpool уже сто лет не продаются на открытом рынке. На каком бы то ни было рынке, насколько я знаю. Перед нами очень тихая, очень эксцентричная семья орбитального поколения первого типа, организованная как корпорация. Много денег, очень осторожные в отношении СМИ. Большое количество клонирования. В орбите законы о генетической манипуляции гораздо более лояльны, не так ли? И трудно следить за тем, какое поколение или комбинация поколений управляет делами в любой момент времени. — «Как это?» — спросила Молли. — У них есть собственные системы криогенизации. Даже согласно законам орбиты они считаются юридически умершими, пока находятся в замороженном состоянии. Похоже, они меняются; основателя не видели уже 30 лет. Матерь-основатель погибла при лабораторном происшествии... — «А что с твоим поставщиком?» — спросила она. — Он просто оставил всё и ушёл. — «Ничего», — пожмурив брови, сказал финн. — «Оставил дело. Мы получили представление о невероятной переплетённости полномочий в собственности Tessier-Ashpool, и это всё. Джимми, вероятно, проник в Straylight Villa и украл голову, а T-A послал ниндзя за ним». Смит решил забыть об этом. Возможно, это было не так уж плохо. Финн посмотрел на Молли. — «Вилла Страйтлайт», — сказал он. — Самая верхушка спинделя. Очень частная собственность». — «Ты имеешь в виду, что этот ниндзя принадлежит им, Молли?» — спросил Смит. — «Смит был убеждён в этом», — ответила она. — «Дорогое удовольствие», — сказала она. — «Что стало с маленьким ниндзя, Финн?» — «Они, вероятно, поместили его в криокамеру. Размораживают его, когда им нужно». — «Хорошо», — сказала Молли, — «мы знаем, что Armitage получает свои красивые вещи от ИИ под названием Wintermute. Что это даёт нам?» — «Ничего пока», — ответила она. — «Но теперь у меня есть для тебя небольшая побочная работа». Она достала из кармана сложенный листок бумаги и передала его ему. Он разложил его. Грид-координаты и коды ввода. — «Кто это?» — спросил он. — «Армитедж», — ответила она. — «Данная база данных от него». Она купила её у модемов. Своя сделка. Где это?» — «Лондон», — сказал он. — «Разбери это!» — Она рассмеялась. — «Наконец-то заработай на жизнь!»
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
И лазуритный комплект. Смит вздохнул и отложил в сторону свой микроскоп, посоветовав Джимми расплавить эту штуку. Он сказал, что это не антиквариат, а современная работа без какой-либо ценности для коллекционеров. Джимми засмеялся. Это был компьютерный терминал, — сказал он. Он мог говорить. Но не с синтетическим голосом, а с помощью изящных трубочек, из которых исходил мелодичный звук. Совсем не повседневный предмет, если учесть, что микросхемы для синтеза речи можно купить по смешной цене. Невероятная редкость, странность. Смит вставил голову в компьютер и послушал, как мелодичный голос автомата произносит суммы налоговых возвратов за прошлый год. К клиентской базе Смита принадлежал миллиардер из Токио, чья страсть к механическим игрушкам приближалась к фетишизму. Смит лишь покачал головой и показал Джимми свои ладони вверх — жест, столь же старый, как и паевое кредитное дело. Он мог попробовать, но, скорее всего, не получил бы за это много. После того, как Джимми ушёл, Смит осмотрел оставленную голову и обнаружил различные марки качества. В конце концов, он смог выяснить, что этот предмет был создан в результате необычного сотрудничества двух мастеров из Цюриха, одного специалиста по миниатюрной резьбе из Парижа, голландского ювелира и калифорнийского дизайнера микросхем; по заказу Tessier-Ashpool SA, как оказалось. Смит дал коллекционеру из Токио первые подсказки о том, что он имеет дело с чем-то необычным. И тогда к нему пришел незапланированный гость, который, казалось, не обращал внимания на его сложную систему безопасности, как будто она и вовсе не существовала. Это был маленький японец, невероятно вежливый человек, который обладал всеми чертами 100

выученного на памяти убийцы-ниндзя*. Смит сидел совершенно неподвижно и смотрел через блестящую розовую древесину стола во взгляд спокойных, коричневых глаз ангела смерти. С осторожностью, почти с соблазном, клонированный убийца объяснил, что его долгом является восстановление определенного произведения искусства, прекрасного аппарата, украденного из дома господина. Он сказал, что узнал, что Смит может предоставить ему более подробную информацию о местонахождении этого предмета. Смит сказал тому человеку, что он не желает умирать и достал голову. Сколько он хочет за это? — спросил его гость. Смит назвал сумму, которая была намного ниже первоначальной цены, которую он ожидал. Ниндзя вынул кредитный чип и перевел эту сумму Смиту с швейцарского счета. И кто принес ему этот предмет? — еще хотел знать Смит. Он назвал имя. Через несколько дней он узнал о смерти Джимми.

«И вот я вступаю в игру», продолжил финн. «Смит знал, что я много работаю с "Мемори-лейн", куда обращаются за дискретной информацией, не связанной с инициатором. Я нанял ковбоя. Я был посредником, поэтому брал комиссию. Смит был очень осторожен. Он только что пережил странное деловое приключение и едва избежал неприятностей, но вся эта история оставалась запутанной. Кто платил со этого швейцарского счета? Якуза? Вряд ли. У них очень строгие правила в таких ситуациях, и они всегда заботятся о получателе. Неужели это были "крутое дело"? Смит не думал так.

Крутое дело имеет свой запах, который ты чувствуешь. Ну, я дал своему ковбою поработать в архивах газет, и мы обнаружили, что Tessier-Ashpool вовлечены в судебный процесс. Это было по сути о ничем, но мы узнали имя юридической фирмы. Ковбой взломал их защиту, благодаря чему мы получили адрес семьи. Это принесло нам много пользы».

Кейс приподнял брови.

«Фрисайд», — сказал финн. — Спиндел. Оказывается, им почти полностью принадлежит всё это дело. Интересное наблюдение, когда ковбой извлек из архивов газет обычную информацию и составил обзор. Семейная организация. Структура компании. Говорят, можно купить членство в SA, но акции Tessier-Ashpool не продаются на открытом рынке уже более ста лет. На каком бы то ни было рынке, насколько я знаю. Перед нами очень тихая, очень эксцентричная семья первого поколения, управляемая как корпорация. Много денег, очень осторожные с прессой. Много клонирования. В орбите законы о генетической манипуляции гораздо более свободные, не так ли? И трудно следить за тем, какая комбинация поколений управляет этим делом в любой момент.

— Как это? — спросила Молли.

— У них есть собственные криогенные установки. Даже по орбитальным законам они считаются умершими до тех пор, пока не разморожены. Похоже, они меняются; основателя уже три десятилетия не видели. Мать-основательница погибла при лабораторном инциденте... —

— А что с твоим поставщиком? — спросил он.

— Ничего. Он просто оставил дело. Мы получили представление о невероятной переплетенности полномочий, принадлежащих семье Tessier-Ashpool, и это всё. Джимми, вероятно, проник в Straylight Villa и украл голову, а T-A послал ниндзя за ним. Смит решил забыть об этом. Возможно, это не так уж и плохо.

Финн посмотрел на Молли. «Вилла Страйтлайт», — сказал он. — Самая верхушка спиндела. Очень частная».

— Ты имеешь в виду, что этот ниндзя принадлежит им, Молли? — спросил он.

— Смит так и думал, — ответила она.

— Дорогое удовольствие, — сказала она. — Что стало с маленьким ниндзя, финн?

— Они, вероятно, поместили его в криогенный резервуар. Разморозят, когда им понадобится, — ответил он.

— Хорошо, — сказала Молли, — мы знаем, что Armitage получает свои красивые вещи от ИИ по имени Винтермут. Что это нас касается?

— Пока ничего, — ответила она. — Но у меня для тебя небольшая побочная работа.

Она достала из кармана складной листок бумаги и передала его ему. Он развернул его. Грид-координаты и коды ввода.

— Кто это? — спросил он.

— Армитедж, — ответила она. — Я купила эту информацию у модемов. Сделка между нами. Где он?

— Лондон, — сказал Кейс. — Разбери это!

Она рассмеялась. «Наконец-то заработай на жизнь!»

Кейс ждал транс-БАМА-S-поезда на переполненном перроне. Молли вернулась в комнату с плоской конструкцией, хранящейся в зелёной сумке, уже несколько часов назад, а Кейс с тех пор постоянно пил.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он не мог представить себе плоскую линию как конструкцию, как запрограммированную ROM-кассету*, воспроизводящую способности умершего, его страдания, рефлексы коленных сухожилий... Метро мчалось по чёрному индукционному треку, песок просачивался из трещин в бетонном покрытии туннеля. Кейс сел в следующий вагон и наблюдал за другими пассажирами во время поездки. Два христианина науки агрессивно бросились на женскую тройку технических работников, каждая из которых носила на запястье стилизованный голографический вагинальный символ, влажно блестящий розовый цвет в ярком свете, а также металлические очки, скрывающие их лица. Технические работницы ласкали свои идеальные губы и бросали взгляды на ученых, скрывавшихся за опускающимися металлическими веками. Девушки выглядели как большие экзотические травоядные; грациозно качаясь, они неосознанно следовали ритму движения поезда, а высокие каблуки на их сером металлическом полу сияли, как полированные копыта. Прежде чем они смогли убежать от миссионеров, метро достигло станции Кейса. Он вышел и заметил белую голограмму сигары на стене станции метро. FREESIDE было написано большими искажёнными буквами, напоминающими японскую письменность. Он пробирался сквозь толпу, ставился под неё и рассматривал это чудо. ЗАЧЕМ ОЖИДАТЬ? - мигало сообщение. Ступенька из тусклого белого материала, обтянутая сеткой и окружённая антеннами, доками, куполами. Он уже тысячу раз видел подобные или похожие рекламы. Но ему никогда не нравились. С помощью своего дека он мог так же легко получить доступ к банкам Freeside, как и к банкам Атланты. Путешествия были для плоти. Только теперь он заметил маленькую надпись размером с монету в нижнем левом углу светящегося объявления: T-A. Он вернулся в хранилище памяти, потерявшись в воспоминаниях о плоской линии. В девятнадцатом году своей жизни он провёл большую часть времени в баре "Гентльмен-порагатель", где пил дорогие пива и наблюдал за ковбоями. Тогда он ещё не имел ни капли опыта с деками, но чувствовал непреодолимое желание их получить. По крайней мере, двадцать других юных парней в том лете тянулись к ковбоям и жаждали помочь им. Так учатся. Каждый уже слышал о Паули, дерзком жокее из района Атланты, который пережил три смерти мозга под чёрным льдом. Слухи - только одна незаметная информация пробиралась через улицы города - говорили не так много, как будто он сделал невозможное. "Великая вещь", - сказал Кейс другому парню, выпивая пиво, - "но кто знает, что за этим стоит? Я слышал о бразильской зарплате. В любом случае, этот человек был плоским, мозговой мертвец, нулевой ЭЭГ." Кейс пристально смотрел на низкорослого, безрукого мужчину с кожей бледного оттенка, окружённого плотно стоящим баром. - "Парень", - сказал ему через несколько месяцев в Майами плоская линия, - "я как эти чертовские гигантские ящерицы, знаешь? У нас были два мозга, один в голове, другой в анусе, чтобы двигать задние ноги. Я попал в чёрное вещество, и старый мозг в анусе продолжал работать, просто продолжал." Элитные ковбои из "Гентльмен-порагателя" исключили Паули из-за какой-то коллективной страха, но они были пристрастны к суевериям. Макой Паули, Лазарь киберпространства...

И в конце концов его сердце дало сигнал. Его заменное русское сердце, имплантированное во время войны в лагере для военнопленных. Он не хотел менять его, потому что ему нужна была его специфическая аритмия, как он сказал, чтобы сохранять чувство времени. Кейс сжимал листок бумаги, который дала ему Молли, и поднялся по лестнице наверх. Молли спала на матраце из пеноматериала. Транспарентный гипсовый бинт простирался от колена почти прямо до бедра. Кожа под жёстким пластырем была покрыта шрамами, которые изменяли свой цвет с чёрного в отвратительный желтый. Восемь дермов разного размера и цвета выстроились в аккуратную линию на её левом запястье. Рядом с ней лежала акайская трансдермальная единица; тонкие красные провода были подключены к электродам под гипсом. Он включил регулируемый рабочий светильник рядом с Хосакой. Тёмная лучевая линия упала прямо на конструкцию плоской линии. Он приложил лед, подключил конструкцию и включил её.

Это было точно такое же чувство, как если бы кто-то посмотрел ему через плечо. Он кашлянул. - "Дикс? Макой? Ты это, парень?" Его горло было сжато. - "Эй, чувак", - прозвучал неуточнённый голос. - "Здесь Кейс, помнишь, парень?" - "Майами, подручный, способный к обучению". - "Что последнее ты помнишь до того, как я с тобой поговорил, Дикс?" - "Ничего". - "Подожди!" Он прервал контакт. Призрак прошёл. Он восстановил соединение. - "Дикс? Кто я? - "Ты меня повесил, друг. Кто же ты такой, по-твоему?" - "Кейс. - "Майами, подручный, способный к обучению". - "Правильно. И для начала, Дикс, мы полетим в Лондон и получим несколько данных. Ты с нами?" - "Ты не скажешь, у меня есть выбор?" - "Найди своё райское место", посоветовала плоская линия после того, как Кейс объяснил ситуацию. - "Проверь Копенгаген, зона университета". Голос называл координаты, пока он стучал по клавишам.

* Firmware = программы, встроенные в компьютер. Форма между программным обеспечением и аппаратным обеспечением, которая даёт преимущество, поскольку приложения могут быть немедленно доступны без предварительной загрузки. -   Перевод.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он не мог представить себе плоскую линию как конструкцию, как запрограммированную ROM-кассету*, воспроизводящую способности умершего, его страдания, рефлексы коленных сухожилий... Метро мчалось по чёрному индукционному рельсу, песок просачивался из трещин в бетоне туннеля. Кейс сел в следующий вагон и наблюдал за другими пассажирами во время поездки. Два христианина науки агрессивно бросились на группу из трёх технических работниц, каждая из которых носила на запястье стилизованный голографический вагинал, влажно блестящий розовый цвет в ярком свете, а их металлические веки опускались, скрывая глаза. Техники ласкали свои идеальные губы и смотрели на ученых под опущенными металлическими веками. Девушки выглядели как большие экзотические травоядные; грациозно качаясь, они бессознательно следовали движению поезда, а высокие каблуки на их сером металлическом полу блестели, как полированные копыта. Прежде чем они смогли убежать от миссионеров, метро достигло станции Кейса. Он вышел и заметил белую голографическую сигару на стене станции метро. FREESIDE было написано большими искажёнными буквами, напоминающими японскую письменность. Он пробирался через толпу, подходил к ней и рассматривал предмет. ЗАЧЕМ ОЖИДАТЬ? - гласило сообщение. Ступенька из тусклого белого материала, обтянутая сеткой и окруженная антеннами, доками, куполами. Он уже тысячи раз видел подобные или похожие объявления. Но он никогда не был в них заинтересован. С помощью своего дека он мог получить доступ к банкам Freeside так же легко, как и к банкам Атланты. Путешествия были для плоти. Только теперь он заметил небольшое обозначение размером с монету в нижнем левом углу светящегося объявления: T-A. Он вернулся в помещение памяти, потерявшись в воспоминаниях о плоской линии. В девятнадцатый раз он провёл лето в Gentleman Loser, где пил дорогие пиво и наблюдал за ковбоями. Тогда он ещё не имел никакого опыта с деком, но чувствовал непреодолимое желание получить его. По крайней мере, двадцать других юных парней проводили это лето в Loser, жаждя помочь ковбою. Только так можно учиться. Каждый уже слышал о Паули, дерзком жокее из района Атланты, который пережил три смерти мозга под чёрным льдом. Слухи - только одно скромное сообщение распространялось по улицам - говорили, что Паули сделал невозможное. «Величайшее достижение», - сказал Кейс другому желающему выпить пива, - «но кто знает, что за этим стоит? Я слышал о бразильской зарплате. В любом случае, этот человек был плоским, мозг мёртвый, нулевой ЭЭГ». Кейс смотрел на низкорослого, безрукого человека с кожей бледного оттенка.

- Молодой, - сказал ему плоский линии через несколько месяцев в Майами. - Я как эти проклятые гигантские ящерицы, знаешь? У нас было два мозга: один в голове, а другой в анусе, чтобы двигать задние ноги. Когда я попал в это чёрное вещество, старый мозг в анусе продолжал работать, просто продолжал.

Элитные ковбои из Loser исключили Паули из-за какой-то коллективной страхи, но они были пристрастны к суевериям. Макой Паули, Лазарь киберпространства...

В конце концов, его сердце дало сигнал. Его заменное русское сердце, имплантированное во время войны в лагере для военнопленных. Он не хотел менять его, потому что ему нужна была его специфическая аритмия, как он сказал, чтобы поддерживать чувство времени. Кейс потрогал листок бумаги, который дала ему Молли, и поднялся по лестнице наверх. Молли спала на матраце из темпершаума. Транспарентный гипсовый бинт простирался от колена почти непосредственно до бедра. Кожа под жёстким пластырем была покрыта шрамами, которые изменили цвет с чёрного в отвратительный желтый. Восемь дермов разных размеров и цветов выстроились в аккуратную линию на её левом запястье. Рядом с ней лежала акайская трансдермальная единица; тонкие красные провода были подключены к электродам под гипсом.

Он включил регулируемый рабочий свет рядом с Хосакой. Тёмная лучевая линия упала прямо на конструкцию плоской линии. Он положил лед, подключил конструкцию и включил её. Это было точно такое же ощущение, как если бы кто-то посмотрел ему через плечо. Он кашлянул.

- Десять? Макой? Ты это говоришь, парень? - Его горло сжалось.

- Эй, чувак, - сказал неясный голос.

- Здесь Кейс, помнишь, парень? -

- Майами, подручный, способный к обучению.

- Что последнее ты помнишь до того, как я с тобой говорил, Десять? -

- Ничего.

- Подожди! - Он прервал контакт. - Призрак прошёл. Я восстановил соединение. - Десять, кто я? -

- Ты меня повесил, друг. Кто ты такой, по-твоему? -

- Хороший вопрос. - Кейс задумался. - Помнишь, что ты здесь был несколько секунд назад? -

- Нет. - Он покачал головой. - Знаешь, как работает персональная матрица ROM? -

- Конечно, чувак. Это конструкция фьюрверного программного обеспечения. -

- Так что, если я подключу её к памяти, которую я использую, я могу дать ей последовательную реальную память времени? -

- Думаю, да, - ответила конструкция.

- Хорошо, Десять, ты - ROM-конструкция. Понял? -

- Если ты так говоришь, - ответила конструкция. - Кто ты такой? -

- Кейс. -

- Майами, подручный, способный к обучению. -

- Правильно. И для начала, Десять, мы полетим в Лондон и получим несколько данных. Ты с нами? -

- Ты не скажешь, у меня есть выбор? -

- Найди себе рай, - посоветовала плоская линия после того, как Кейс объяснил ситуацию. - Проверь Копенгаген, граница университетского кампуса. - Голос перечислял координаты, пока он нажимал на клавиши.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
They found their paradise, a "pirate's paradise" nestled within the tangled web of an otherwise relatively unsecured academic framework. At first glance, it resembled the kind of graffiti that computer students sometimes leave at the intersections of grid lines: faded glyphs of glowing light dancing amidst the chaotic twists and turns of a dozen art faculties. "There," said the flatline, "the blue one. You see? That's an entry code for Bell Europa. Still fresh. Bell will be in soon and read the whole damn plan and change found codes. The new ones will be stolen by the boys tomorrow." Case tapped his way into Bell Europa and switched to a regular phone line. With Flatline's help, he made contact with London's data base, which Molly claimed belonged to Armitage. "Here," said the voice, "I'll do it for you." Flatline rattled off a series of numbers that Case entered on his deck, keeping in mind the pauses Flatline used to mark timing. Three attempts were required. "Great," said Flatline. "No ice." "Get the goods!" ordered Case to Hosaka. "Find out about the owner's personal history!" The neuroelectronic scribbling of paradise faded away, replaced by a simple white-lighted raut. "Contains mostly video recordings of military tribunals after the war," said Hosaka's distant voice. "Central figure is a certain Colonel Willis Corto." "Show me!" demanded Case. A man's face filled the screen. It was Armitage's eyes. 108

Two hours later, Case lay next to Molly on the mattress, enveloped in foam, exhausted. "What did you find?" she asked, disoriented from sleep and medication. "Tell me later," he replied. "I'm beat." He had a hangover and was confused. With his eyes closed, he struggled to piece together the various parts of a story about a certain Corto. Hosaka had sifted through the sparse data and compiled it into an overview that contained numerous gaps. The material included printed works that Hosaka rapidly unfurled on the screen, so Case had to ask the computer to read him the text. Also among them were audio recordings from the Fist-screaming trial. Willis Corto, Colonel, had breached a blind spot in Russian defenses at Kirensk. Transporters created the gap with impulse bombs and Corto's team deployed in Nightwing microlights. The rigid wings chattered in the moonlight reflecting off the Angara and Podhamennaya rivers—the last light Corto would see for fifteen months. Case tried to imagine the microlights unfolding from their carrier capsules high above the frozen steppe. "You gave us quite a runaround, Boss," said Case as Molly rolled over beside him. The microlights were unarmed, discarded to make room for the weight of a console operator, a specialized deck, and a virus program named Mole IX, the first true virus in the history of cybernetics. Corto and his team had trained for three years for this mission... 109

...When the EMPs went off, the Russian impulse cannons plunged the jockeys into electronic darkness; the Nightwings were done for, their onboard electronics failed. Then lasers opened fire, homing in on infrared to take down the fragile, radar-transparent attack aircraft from the air, and Corto and his dead console operator tumbled from the Siberian sky. They fell and kept falling... The story had gaps as Case reviewed documents about a hijacked Russian gunship that managed to land in Finland. It could have been torn apart by an antiquated 20mm cannon manned by a reserve cadre during morning readiness duty. Screaming Fist ended for Corto at the outskirts of Helsinki, where Finnish medics cut him out of the helicopter's wreckage. The war ended nine days later, and Corto, blind, legless, and with almost entirely missing lower jaw, was transferred to a military hospital in Utah. It took the congressional liaison nearly eleven months to find him. He listened to the drip-drip of draining tubes. In Washington and McLean, the spectacles were already underway. The Pentagon and CIA had been Balkanized, partially dismantled, and a congressional committee focused its attention on Screaming Fist. "Ready for Watergate," noted the liaison to Corto. "He needs eyes, legs, and extensive cosmetic work," said the liaison, but that could be arranged. "Case for the plumber," he added, pressing Corto's shoulder through the damp sheet. 110

Corto listened to the soft, relentless drip-drip. He said he wanted to testify as he was. "No," explained the liaison, "the negotiations will be televised. The trial has to appeal to the voter." The liaison coughed politely. "Rehabilitated, reequipped, and thoroughly prepared," Corto then gave his testimony. His statements were detailed, compelling, clear—mostly an invention of a congressional klunch who had a vested interest in preserving certain parts of Pentagon infrastructure. Corto gradually realized that his testimony was used to save the careers of three officials directly responsible for suppressing reports on EMP defense construction at Kirensk. After playing his part in the trials, he was no longer welcome in Washington. In a restaurant on M Street, the liaison explained over crepes au sarrasin the great risk one took when talking to the wrong people. Corto rammed his outstretched fingers into the liaison's throat. Gasping, the congressional liaison slumped face-first onto the crepe while Corto walked out of Washington in the cool September air.  Hosaka rummaged through police files, economic espionage reports, and news archives. Case watched as Corto dealt with rogue executives in Lisbon and Marrakech, where he apparently spiraled into a paranoia against scientists and technicians who he freed for his employers. Drunk, he bludgeoned a Russian engineer to death at a hotel in Singapore and set fire to his room. 111
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
They found their paradise, a "pirate's paradise" nestled within the convoluted layers of an otherwise relatively unsecured academic framework. At first glance it resembled the kind of graffiti that computer students sometimes leave at the intersections of grid lines: blurred glyphs of colorful light shimmering before the chaotic sprawl of a dozen art faculties. "Over there," said the flatline, "the blue one. You see? That's an entry code for Bell Europa. Still fresh. Bell will be in shortly and read the whole damned plan and change the found codes. The new ones will be stolen by the boys tomorrow." Case tapped himself a way into Bell Europa and switched to a normal phone line. With Flatline's help, he established a connection to London's data base, which Molly allegedly owned to Armitage. "Here," said the voice, "I'll do it for you." The flatline spewed out a series of numbers that Case entered on his deck, taking care to consider the pauses the flatline made to mark timing. Three attempts were required. "Great job," said the flatline. "No ice." "Get the goods!" ordered Case to Hosaka. "Find out about the owner's personal past!" The neuro-electronic scribbling of paradise vanished, replaced by a simple white lightening raut. "It mostly contains video records of military trials after the war," said Hosaka's distant voice. "The central figure is a certain Colonel Willis Corto." "Show me!" said Case. A man's face filled the screen. It was Armitage's eyes. 108

Two hours later, Case lay next to Molly on the mattress and let the foam wrap him. "What did you find?" she asked, disoriented from sleep and medication. "Tell me later," he replied. "I'm beat." He had a hangover and was confused. With his eyes closed, he tried to piece together various parts of a story about a certain Corto. Hosaka had sifted through the sparse data and compiled it into an overview that, however, had numerous gaps. The material included printouts from publications that Hosaka quickly rolled across the screen, so Case had to ask the computer to read the text to him. Also among them were audio recordings of the Fist-screaming trial. Willis Corto, Colonel, had breached a blind spot in Russia's defense through Kirensk. The transporters created the gap with impulse bombs, and Corto's team was dropped off by Nightwing microlights. The rigid wings buzzed in the moonlight reflecting off the Angara and Podhamennaya rivers - the last light Corto would see for fifteen months. Case tried to imagine the microlights unfolding from their carrier capsules high above the frozen steppe. "You sure gave us a run for our money, Boss," said Case as Molly rolled around next to him. The microlights were unarmed, designed to accommodate the weight of a console operator, a special deck and a virus program named Mole IX that was the first true virus in the history of cybernetics. Corto and his team had trained for three years for this mission... 109

...when the EMPs went off. Russian impulse cannons plunged the jockeys into electronic darkness; the Nightwings were finished, their onboard electronics failed. Then lasers opened fire, homing in on infrared to take down the fragile radar-transparent attack aircraft from the air, and Corto and his dead console operator fell from the Siberian sky. They kept falling... The story had gaps as Case reviewed documents about a hijacked Russian gunship that could set down in Finland. It ended up splattered in a pine forest by an antiquated 20mm cannon manned by a reserve cadre during morning readiness duty. Screaming Fist ended for Corto on the outskirts of Helsinki, where Finnish medics cut him out of the helicopter wreckage. The war ended nine days later, and Corto - blind, legless, and with almost completely missing jaw - was transferred to a military hospital in Utah. It took the congressional representative nearly eleven months to find him there. He listened to the drip of draining tubes. In Washington and McLean, the spectacles were already underway. The Pentagon and CIA had been Balkanized, partially dismantled, and a congressional committee focused its attention on Screaming Fist. "Ready for Watergate," noted the representative to Corto. He needed eyes, legs, and extensive cosmetic work, but that could be arranged. It was a plumber's case, added the man, pressing Corto's shoulder through the damp blanket. 110

Corto listened to the soft, constant drip. He said he wanted to testify as he was. "No," explained the representative, "the negotiations will be televised. The trial has to appeal to the voter." The representative coughed politely. Restored, re-equipped and thoroughly prepared, Corto then gave his testimony. His statements were detailed, gripping, clear - largely the invention of a congressional clique who had a vested interest in preserving certain parts of Pentagon infrastructure. Corto realized that his testimony was used to save the careers of three officials directly responsible for suppressing reports on the construction of EMP defenses at Kirensk. After playing his part in the trials, he was no longer welcome in Washington. In a restaurant on M Street, the representative explained over crepes au sarrasin the great risk one took talking to the wrong people. Corto jammed his fingers into the man's throat. Gasping, the congressional representative face-planted onto the crepe while Corto walked out of Washington in the cool September air.  Hosaka rumbled through police records, economic espionage reports and news archives. Case watched as Corto dealt with defector executives in Lisbon and Marrakech, where he apparently became convinced of a conspiracy against him and developed a hatred for scientists and technicians who he freed on behalf of his employers. Drunk, he bludgeoned a Russian engineer to death in a hotel in Singapore and set fire to his room. 111
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Next, he appeared in Thailand as the supervisor of a heroin factory. Then as a mediator for a California gambling syndicate, then as a paid killer in the ruins of Bonn. He robbed a bank in Wichita. The records became vague, unclear, with gaps growing larger. One day, he explained during a recorded interrogation that made him suspect truth drugs, everything turned grey. Translated French medical records stated an unidentified man had been admitted to a Paris nerve clinic and diagnosed schizophrenic. He became catatonic and transferred to a state mental institution on the outskirts of Toulon. There, he was subjected to an experiment attempting to cure schizophrenia using cybernetic models. A random selection of patients were equipped with microcomputers and encouraged to program them with student help. He was healed, the only success of the entire experiment. Thus ended the records. Case spun around on the foam mattress while Molly muttered under her breath about the disruption. The phone rang. He picked it up. "Yes?" "We're going to Istanbul," said Armitage. "Tonight." "What does this guy want?" asked Molly. "Let me tell you, we're going to Istanbul tonight." "Wonderful," Armitage read flight numbers and departure times. Molly sat down and turned on the light. "What about my device?" Case asked. "My deck?" "The Finn will take care of it," said Armitage and hung up. Case watched her pack. Dark circles under her eyes, yet despite the cast leg, it was like a dance. No unnecessary movement. His clothes lay in an unruly heap next to his suitcase. "Any pain?" he asked. "Could handle another night with Chin." "Your dentist?" "Sure. Very discreet. He has half the building full. Flicks Samurai back together." She zipped her purse closed. "Have you ever been to Istanbul before?" "Once, for a few days." "Always like that," she said. "Bad old city." "Just like when we left for Chiba," Molly said, gazing out of the train window at the cursed industrial landscape. Red traffic lights on the horizon warned planes of a nuclear power plant. "We were in Los Angeles. He came in and said pack up, off to Macao. When we got there, I played Fantan in Lisbon while he went to Zhongshan. The next day, I played Ghost with you in Night City." She pulled a silk scarf from the sleeve of her black jacket and polished her lenses. The sprawl landscape of the north stirred chaotic childhood memories in Case, memories of dry grass in crevices of a crooked piece of street pavement. The train began to slow down ten kilometers before the airport. In Beyoglu, the rented Mercedes zipped past grating metal security gates, unlit shop windows of Greek and Armenian jewelers. The street was almost empty; only a few dark-clad figures on the sidewalks stood and watched the car pass. "This used to be the wealthy European part of Ottoman Istanbul," murmured the Mercedes. "So it went downhill," said Case. "The Hilton is on Cumhuriyet Caddesi," Molly said, leaning back in the gray ultravelour of the car. "Why does Armitage fly alone?" asked Case. He had a headache. "Because you get on his nerves. And me too, for sure." He wanted to tell her the Corto story but decided against it. On the plane, he'd put on a sleep-aid. The road from the airport was straight as a clean cut revealing the city. Case watched as crazy facades of haphazard wood shacks passed by, apartment buildings, arcologies, empty housing projects, more walls of plywood and corrugated metal. The Finn in a new Shinjuku suit in Sarariman black waited glumly in the Hilton lobby, abandoned on a velvet chair amidst a sea of bright blue carpeting flickering. "Jesus," said Molly. "Rat in a business suit." They crossed through the lobby. "How much do you pay you to come across, Finn?" She set her travel bag next to the chair. "Not enough, darling." He handed her a magnetic key with a round yellow label. "Already checked in. The boss is upstairs." He looked around. "This city crushes you." "If you get claustrophobic, they'll get you out," she said. "Just act like it's Brooklyn or something." She wrapped the key around her finger. "Are you here as a butler or what?" "Supposed to check some guy on implants," said the Finn. "What about my deck?" wanted Case to know. The Finn shrugged. "Stick to the protocol! Ask the boss!" Molly signaled with her fingers under her jacket, fleeting gestures. The Finn watched, then nodded. "Yes," she said. "I know who that is." She gestured with a nod towards the elevator. "Come on, cowboy!" Case followed her with both bags. Her room could have been the one in Chiba where he'd met Armitage. He looked out the window at dawn and thought he saw Tokyo Bay. On the other side of the street stood another hotel. It was still raining. A few letter carriers had taken shelter in doorways, armed with old, plastic-wrapped typewriters proving that printed words still held some prestige here. It was a sluggish land. He watched a primitive Citroen limousine, crudely converted to water power, spit out five dark-looking Turkish officers in wrinkled green uniforms. They entered the opposite hotel. Case looked at Molly and wondered about her pallor. She'd left her cast and transdermal induction device on the mattress in her room. Her mirror lenses reflected part of the room's lighting fixtures. He had the phone in his hand before it rang a second time. "Good to see you up," said Armitage. "Just got out of bed. Lady is still asleep. Listen, boss, I think it's about time we had a little chat. I work better if I know what I'm doing." Silence on the line. Case bit his lip. "You know everything you need to know. Maybe even more." "Do you?" "I guess so." "You think?" "Dress up, Case! Wake her up! You're going to get a visit from someone named Terzibashjian in about fifteen minutes." The phone buzzed softly. Armitage was gone. "Wake up, baby!" said Case. "Business." "I've been awake for an hour," Molly replied. Her lenses swung towards him. "Terzibashjian is coming to see us." "You have a great ear for languages, Case. I bet you're half Armenian. The tail Armitage put on Riviera." "Help me up!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Next he surfaced in Thailand as a supervisor at a heroin factory. Then as a go-between for a California gambling syndicate, then as a paid killer in the ruins of Bonn. He robbed a bank in Wichita. The records became vague, unclear, the gaps wider. One day, he explained during an interrogation on record that suggested drug-induced truthfulness, everything went gray. Translated French medical records indicated an unidentified man had been admitted to a Paris neurology clinic and diagnosed schizophrenic. He became catatonic and transferred to a state mental institution on the outskirts of Toulon. There he was subjected to an experiment attempting to cure schizophrenia using cybernetic models. A random selection of patients were equipped with microcomputers and encouraged to program them with student assistance. He was healed, the only success of the entire experiment. That was when the records ended. Case rolled around in his foam mattress, Molly cursed under her breath at the disruption. The phone rang. He picked it up. "Yes?" "We're going to Istanbul," said Armitage. "Tonight." "What does he want?" asked Molly. "He says we're going to Istanbul tonight." "Wonderful," Armitage read flight numbers and departure times down. Molly sat up and turned on the light. "What about my device?" Case asked. "My deck?" "The Finn will take care of it," said Armitage, then hung up. Case watched her pack. Dark circles under her eyes, but despite a cast leg, it was like a dance. No unnecessary movement. His clothes lay in an untidy pile next to his suitcase. "Any pain?" he asked. "Could stand another night with Chin."  "Your dentist?"  "Sure. Very discreet. He has the whole building full. Fights Samurai again." She zipped her purse closed. "Have you ever been to Istanbul?" "Once, for a few days."  "Always like that," she said. "Bad old city."  "Just like when we left for Chiba," Molly said looking out the train window at the cursed industrial landscape of the moon. Red traffic lights on the horizon warned airplanes of a nuclear power plant.  "We were in Los Angeles. He came in and said pack up, head to Macao. When we got there, I played Fantan at Lisboa while he switched to Zhongshan. The next day I played Ghost with you in Night City." She pulled a silk scarf from her black jacket sleeve and polished her lenses.  The sprawl landscape of the north stirred chaotic childhood memories in Case, memories of dry grass in the crevices of a crooked piece of street pavement. The train began to slow ten kilometers before the airport.  It was raining in Beyoglu, and the rented Mercedes zipped past grating metal security gates of dimly lit showrooms for Greek and Armenian jewelers. The street was nearly empty; only a few dark-clad figures on the sidewalks paused and watched the car pass. "This used to be the wealthy European side of Ottoman Istanbul," the Mercedes murmured.  "So it went downhill," Case said.  "The Hilton is on Cumhuriyet Caddesi," Molly said leaning back into the gray ultravelour of the car. "Why does Armitage fly alone?" Case asked. He had a headache. "Because you get on his nerves. And mine, too." He wanted to tell her the Corto story but decided against it. On the plane he'd put himself to sleep with a sleeping aid. The road from the airport was straight as a clean cut revealing the city.  Case watched as crazy facades of haphazardly constructed wood shacks passed by, apartment buildings, arcologies, empty housing projects, more walls of plywood and corrugated metal.  The Finn in a new Shinjuku suit in Sarrimann black waited disconsolately in the Hilton lobby, left alone on a velvet chair in the middle of a sea of bright blue carpeting flickering. "Jesus," Molly said. "Rat in a business suit." They walked through the lobby.  "How much do you get for crossing over, Finn?" She set her travel bag next to the chair. "Not enough, darling." He handed her a magnetic key with a round yellow tag attached. "Already checked in. The boss is upstairs." He looked around. "This city smothers you."  "If you get claustrophobic they'll get you out," she said. "Just act like it's Brooklyn or something." She wrapped the key around her finger. "Are you here as a butler or what?"  "Checkin' some guy on implants," Finn said.  "What about my deck?" Case asked. The Finn shrugged. "Stick to the protocol!" Molly made hand signals under her jacket, fleeting gestures. The Finn watched then nodded.  "Yes," she said. "I know who that is." She gestured with a head nod toward the elevator. "Come on, cowboy!" Case followed her with both bags. Her room could have been the one in Chiba where he'd met Armitage. He looked out the window at dawn and thought he saw Tokyo Bay. On the other side of the street stood another hotel. It was still raining. A few letter carriers had taken shelter in doorways, armed with old, plastic-wrapped typewriters proving that printed words still held some cachet here.  It was a sluggish land. He watched a primitive water-converted Citroen limousine spit out five sternly gazing Turkish officers in wrinkled green uniforms. They entered the opposite hotel. Case looked at Molly and wondered about her paleness. She'd left her cast and transdermal induction device on the mattress in her room. Her mirror lenses reflected part of the room's lighting fixtures.  He had the phone in his hand before it rang a second time. "Good to see you up," Armitage said.  "Just gotten out of bed. Lady's still asleep."  "Listen, boss, I think it's about time we had a little chat. I work better when I know what I'm doing."  A silence on the line. Case bit his lip. "You know everything you need to know. Maybe more."  "Do you?"  "I think so. You're half Armenian, Case. The tail you assigned to Armitage on Riviera."  "Help me up!"  Terzibashjian turned out to be a young man with graying hair and a sharp gaze.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A suit and mirrored glasses with a gold frame. His white shirt was open at the collar, revealing a dark fur pelage so dense that Case initially thought he was looking at some kind of T-shirt. He arrived with a black Hilton tray loaded with three small, delicate porcelain cups filled with strong black coffee and three sticky, straw-yellow pieces of oriental candy.

"We have to take it easy, as you say in English," he said, apparently gazing unceasingly at Molly, but finally removing his mirrored glasses. His eyes were dark brown like his military-short hair. He smiled. "Better this way, right? Otherwise the tunnel will be endless, mirror after mirror... Especially for you." He told her, "You have to be careful. In Turkey, they don't take kindly to women so altered."

Molly bit one of the brittle pastries in half. "It's my show, buddy," she said with a full mouth, chewing, swallowing and licking her lips. "I know about you. You stole for the military, right?" Her hand lazily slipped into her jacket and emerged with the dart. Case didn't know that she carried it with her.

She aimed the dart at the man. "Maybe you'll get the explosives, a whole lot of them, or cancer. A single arrow, asshole, you won't feel it for months."

"No trouble, as you say in English," he replied.

"I call this a fucked-up morning," he said. "Now tell us about your man and get your ass out of here!" She put the dart away.

"He lives in Fener, Füchük Gülhane Djaddesi 14. I know his tunnel route, the one he takes to Basar every evening... He's been performing at Yenishehir Palas Oteli, a modern joint in tourist style, but it has come to the attention of the police that these shows are rather interesting." The management at Yenishehir is getting nervous.

He smiled. He smelled like a metallic aftershave.

"I want to know about the implants," she said, massaging her thigh. "I want to know exactly what he can do."

Terzibashjian nodded. "The worst are subliminals, as you say in English." He pronounced the word carefully, "sub-li-mi-nal."

"To the left," said the Mercedes while navigating a tangle of rainy streets, "is Kapali Carsi, the great bazaar."

Next to Case, the Finn made a contented sound but looked in the wrong direction. The right side of the street was lined with small scrap yards. Case spotted an abandoned locomotive piled among shards of crumbled, rust-stained marble. "Headless statues," he said, "stacked like firewood."

"Homeless?" asked Case.

"The city crushes you," replied the Finn. His black silk tie resembled a used carbon band. A smear of kebab and egg stained his new suit jacket.

"Hey, Sebastian," Case said to the Armenian sitting behind them, "where did he get that stuff inserted?"

"In Chiba City," the Finn answered, "he has no left lung. The other one is stolen, they say. Anyone can buy these implants, but nobody has as much talent as him."

The Mercedes swerved to avoid a rolling cart with balloon tires and a load of hides.

"I followed him down that street," Case said, "and experienced firsthand how a dozen wheels rolled over in his vicinity on a single day. If you visit the bike hospital, they always tell you the same story. A scorpion next to the handbrake..."

"You get what you see," commented the Finn. "I've seen the boy's silicone schematics. It's insane. You see what he envisions. I think he could reduce it to a pulse and effortlessly fry a retina."

"Did you tell your girlfriend that?" Terzibashjian leaned forward between the ultra-velour seats.

The Finn burst out laughing. "She'd strangle him if she caught him looking at her funny."

"I don't get it," said Case.

"Just keep your trap shut," replied Terzibashjian.

The Armenian reclined and left a trail of his metallic shaving water. He began speaking quietly into a Sanyo radio-receiver, mixing Greek, French, Turkish, and English phrases. The Sanyo responded in French. The Mercedes turned gently onto another street.

"The Spice Bazaar," explained the car, "also known as the Egyptian Bazaar, was built on the site of an old bazaar constructed by Sultan Hatice in 1660. It is the main market for spices, software, perfume and drugs..."

"Drugs," said Case, watching the erratic movements of the wind-shield wipers. "What did you say about this Riviera earlier, Sebastian?"

"A mix of cocaine and meperidine," replied the Finn. The Armenian resumed his conversation with his Sanyo.

"Demerol used to be called that," the Finn said. "He's a speed freak. Strange people, Case."

"No worries," Case answered, raising the collar of his jacket, "we'll get him a new pancreas or something."

As they entered the bazaar, the Finn seemed visibly happier, as if he felt comforted by the dense crowd and narrow alleys. They walked with the Armenian through a broad street under dirty plastic tarps and green-painted ironwork from the steam age. A thousand neon signs flickered.

"Jesus," said the Finn, taking Case's arm, "look at that! A horse!" He pointed. "Ever seen one of these?"

Case looked at the mounted horse and shook his head. It stood on some kind of pedestal near the entrance to a pet shop selling birds and monkeys. The horse's legs were black and hairless from decades of handling by passersby.

"I saw one in Maryland," said the Finn, "and that was three years after the pandemic. There are still Arabs trying to construct horses from DNA, but it doesn't work."

The brown eyes of the horse seemed to follow them as they walked on. Terzibashjian led them into a café in the center of the bazaar, a low room that had been used for centuries. Dried-out knuckles in filthy white jackets shuffled through the crowded tables.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A suit and mirrored glasses with gold frames. His white shirt was open at the collar, revealing a dark fur pelage so dense that Case initially thought it was some kind of T-shirt. He arrived with a black Hilton tray loaded with three small, delicate porcelain cups filled with strong black coffee and three sticky, straw yellow pieces of Oriental candy.

"We need to take this, as you say in English, very easy," he said, seemingly staring at Molly unceasingly before finally removing his mirrored glasses. His eyes were dark brown like his military-short hair. He smiled. "Better that way, right? Otherwise the tunnel will be endless, mirror into mirror... Especially for you," he told her, "you need to watch out. In Turkey, they don't like women so retrofitted."

Molly bit one of the crisp pastries in half. "It's my show, buddy," she said with a full mouth, chewing, swallowing and licking her lips. "I know about you. You stole for the military, right?" Her hand lazily slipped into her jacket and emerged with the dart. Case didn't know she had it on her.

She aimed the dart at the man. "Maybe you'll get the explosives, a whole lot of them, or cancer. A single arrow, asshole, you won't feel it for months."

"No trouble, as you say in English," he replied.

"I call that a fucked-up morning," he said. "Now tell us about your man and get your ass out of here!" She put the dart away.

"He lives in Fener, at Füchük Gülhane Djaddesi 14. I know his tunnel route, the one he takes to Basar every evening... He's been performing at Yenishehir Palas Oteli, a modern joint in tourist style but it..."

The manager of Yenishehir nervously glanced around as Case spoke.

"I want to know about the implants," Molly said, massaging her thigh. "I want to know exactly what he can do."

Terzibashjian nodded. "The worst ones, as you say in English, are the subliminals." He pronounced the word carefully in four syllables: "the under-conscious."

"To your left," said the Mercedes while navigating a tangle of rain-slicked streets, "is Kapali Carsi, the big bazaar."

Next to Case, the Finn made a contented sound but looked in the wrong direction. The right side of the street was lined with small scrap yards. Case spotted an abandoned locomotive piled among shards of crumbled, rusted marble. "Headless statues," he said, "stacked like firewood."

"Home sickness?" Case asked.

"The city crushes you," the Finn replied. His black silk tie resembled a used carbon band. A smear of kebab and egg stained his new suit jacket.

"Hey Sebastian," Case said to the Armenian sitting behind them, "where did he get that stuff put in?"

"In Chiba City," the Finn answered. "He doesn't have a left lung. The other one's been lifted, they say." Everyone could buy such implants, but no one had as much talent as him.

The Mercedes swerved to avoid a hand-cart with balloon tires and a load of hides.

"I followed him on the street," Case said, "and experienced firsthand how a dozen wheels rolled over in his vicinity at once." When you visit the bike hospital, they always tell you the same story. A scorpion next to the handbrake..."

"You get what you see," the Finn commented. "I've seen the boy's silicone schematics. It's insane. What he envisions, you see it." He estimated that he could reduce it to a single impulse and effortlessly fry a retina with it.

"Did you tell your girlfriend?" Terzibashjian leaned forward between the ultra-velvet seats.

The Finn burst out laughing. "In Turkey, women are still women. Those..."

Case looked at him. "No need to explain," he said. "Just keep your mouth shut."

The Armenian reclined and let a trail of his metallic shaving water linger in the air. He began speaking into a Sanyo radio-receiver in a strange mix of Greek, French, Turkish and English snippets. The Sanyo responded in French. The Mercedes turned gently around a corner.

"The Spice Bazaar," the car explained, "also known as the Egyptian Bazaar, was built on the site of an old bazaar established by Sultan Hatice in 1660. It's the main market here for spices, software, perfumes and drugs..."

"Drugs," Case said, watching the erratic movements of shadows against the bulletproof windshield. "What did you say about this Riviera earlier?"

"A mix of cocaine and meperidine," the Finn replied. The Armenian resumed his conversation with his Sanyo.

"Demerol used to be called that," the Finn said. "He's a speed freak. Strange people, Case."

"No worries," Case answered, raising the collar of his jacket. "We'll get him a new pancreas or something."

As they entered the bazaar, the Finn seemed noticeably happier, as if he felt protected within the dense crowd and confined space. They walked with the Armenian through a broad street under dirty plastic tarps and green-painted cast iron from the steam age. A thousand neon signs flickered.

"Jesus," the Finn exclaimed, taking Case's arm, "look at that! A horse!" He pointed. "Ever seen one before?"

Case studied the mounted horse and shook his head. It stood on a kind of pedestal near the entrance to a shop selling birds and monkeys. The horse's legs were black and hairless from decades of constant handling by passersby.

"I saw one in Maryland," the Finn said, "and that was three years after the pandemic. There are still Arabs trying to build horses out of DNA, but it doesn't work."

The horse's brown glass eyes seemed to follow them as they walked on. Terzibashjian led them into a café in the center of the bazaar, a low room that had been used for centuries. Dried-out knuckles in filthy white jackets shuffled through the crowded tables and balanced trays.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
На металлических подносах лежали бутылки с турецким пивом Tuborg и маленькие чайные чашки. Кейс купил ящик Ye heyuan у продавца у входа. Армянин бурчал что-то в своем Санйо. — Подожди, — сказал он, — он в пути. Каждую ночь он проезжает через туннель на базар и покупает товары у Али. Твоя подруга рядом. Подожди! — узкая улочка была старой, слишком старой. Стены были из вырубленного темного камня. Каменная мостовая пахла вытекшим бензином, застывшим в древнем известняке. — Ничего не вижу, — шепнул Кейс финну. — Отлично для нашего сокровища, — ответил финн. — Тихо, — сказал Терзибашян слишком громко, деревянные доски скрипели на камне или бетоне. Еще через десять метров вниз по улочке яркий луч света упал на мокрую мостовую, расширяясь. Кто-то вышел из дома, и дверь закричала. В узкой улочке снова погрузилась темнота. Кейс дрогнул. — Теперь, — сказал Терзибашян, и яркий, четко очерченный луч света упал с крыши напротив на стройную фигуру у старой деревянной двери. Глазы сверкали туда-сюда, мужчина упал без сил. Кейс подумал, что его кто-то выстрелил; он лежал лицом вниз, блондинские волосы контрастировали со старой мостовой, руки казались бледными и пафосными. Фонарик оставался непоколебимым. На спине упавшего накидка пальто вздувалась, рвалась; кровь брызгала на стену и дверь. Два невероятно длинные, гибкие руки простирались в свете, окрашивая его в розовато-серый цвет. Форма казалась, как будто сама поднимается из мостовой, пробиваясь сквозь мрачную, заплесневелую Ривьеру. Она была высотой в два метра, стояла на двух ногах и, казалось, не имела головы. Медленно она повернулась к ним, и Кейс увидел, что у нее все же есть голова, но нет шеи. Глаза отсутствовали, кожа сверкала розовато-жидким блеском как внутренности.  Ротовое отверстие, если вообще можно было его назвать, было круглым, коническим, плоским; вокруг него тряслись кудрявые волосы или щетинки, сверкающие черным хромом. Форма оттолкнула жалкий кучу одежды и мяса в сторону и сделала шаг вперед. Кажется, она направляла свой взгляд на них.  Терзибашян что-то сказал по-гречески или по-турецки и бросился на форму, расправляя руки, как будто пытался залезть через окно. Он бежал сквозь него. В пылкий свет из отверстия в форме попадали выстрелы из пистолета. Камни летели вокруг ушей Кейса; финн подтолкнул его в колени. Фонарик на крыше погас. Отображения от выстрелов, монстры и ослепляющий свет кружились у него в голове. Уши дрожали.  Затем фонарик снова загорелся, мигая и ищя во тьме. Терзибашян прижался к стальной двери, лицо бледное от яркого света. Он сжимал левое запястье и наблюдал, как кровь текла из раны на левой руке. Блондин, теперь уже целый и не кровавый, лежал у его ног.  Молли вышла из тьмы, держа в руке стрелу и одетая во все черное. — Возьми радиоприемник! — сказал армянин, сжимая зубы. — Позови Махмуда! Мы должны убрать это место. Здесь не то.  — Маленький хулиган почти справился с делом, — сказал финн, чье колено скрипело при подъеме. Он гладил свои штаны. — Посмотри на этот ужасный шоу, что они там устроили. Это не был просто гамбургер. Настоящая красота. Так что помогите ему убрать это место! Я должен проверить все его оборудование, прежде чем он проснется, чтобы Армитедж получил то, за что платит.  Молли наклонилась и подняла что-то. Пистолет. — Намбу, — сказала она. — Красивая штука.  Терзибашян вздрогнул. Кейс увидел, что это сильно повредило ему руку.  Над городом рассветал Стамбул, когда Молли направила Мерседес к Топкапи. Финн и мускулистый турок по имени Махмуд подняли еще непроснувшегося Ривьеру с дороги. Несколько минут спустя в грязь прилетел пыльный Цитрон, чтобы забрать армянина, который едва не упал в обморок.  — Ты такой дурак, — сказала Молли ему, когда закрыла дверь автомобиля. — Ты должен был остаться в укрытии. Я сразу его заметила, как он вышел из двери.  Терзибашян взглянул на нее. — Но мы с тобой все равно закончим, — сказала она. Она закрыла дверь и захлопнула ее. — Если ты еще раз появишься передо мной, я тебя заморожу, — сказала она через стекло. Цитрон исчез по узкой улочке и медленно свернул на улицу.  Теперь Мерседес пронёсся по пробуждающемуся Стамбулу. Они проехали мимо терминала туннеля Бейоглу и мчались по лабиринту пустых улиц с апартаментами, которые казались Кейсам похожими на Париж.  — Что это? — спросил он Молли, когда Мерседес остановился у парка вокруг Серайя. Он пытался понять странное сочетание архитектурных стилей, которые составляли Топкапи.  — Это было частным борделем для султана, — сказала она. — Там было много женщин. Теперь это музей. Как магазин Финна, полный всего рода вещей: большие алмазы, мечи, левая рука Иоанна Крестителя...  — В растворе?  — Нет. Мертвы. Их держали в металлической коробке с шарнирами, чтобы христиане могли поцеловать их для счастья. Христиане отняли их у них много лет назад и даже не чистят, потому что это реликвия неверных.  Черные, ржавые олени медлили в парке Серайя. Кейс шел рядом с ней, наблюдая, как ее сапоги царапали непроходимую траву, которая застыла от первого мороза. Они шли по тропинке из холодной восьмиугольной мостовой. Зима ждала где-то на Балканах.  — Этот Терзибашян — настоящий циган, — сказала она. — Секретная полиция. Жестокий пытчик. Его действительно легко купить, особенно с деньгами, которые Армитедж ему предложил.  В влажных деревьях вокруг начали поют птицы.  — Я сделал эту работу для тебя, — сказал Кейс, — Лондон. Я что-то выкопал, но не знаю, как им воспользоваться.  Он рассказал ей историю о Корто.  — Ну, я знал, что Скриминг Фист в этом не участвовал, — сказала она. — Я проверила.  Она погладила по ржавой стороне бронзовой оленицы. — Думаешь, компьютер вытащил его оттуда? В французской психиатрической больнице?  — Зимнемут, кажется, — ответил Кейс.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
На металлических подносах лежали бутылки с турецким пивом Tuborg и маленькие чашки для чая. Кейс купил ящик Ye heyuan у продавца у входа. Армянин бурчал что-то в своем Саньо. — Приходи, — сказал он, — он едет через туннель на базар каждый вечер и покупает товары у Али. Твоя подруга рядом. Приходи!

Аллея была старой, слишком старой. Стены были выложены из грубого темного камня. Каменная плита пахла вытекшим бензином, застывшим в древнем известняке. — Ничего не вижу, — шепнул Кейс финну. — Отлично для нашего сокровища, — ответил финн. — Тихо, — сказал Терзибашян слишком громко, — деревянные доски скрипели на камне или бетоне. На десять метров ниже по аллее желтый луч света упал на мокрую плиту, расширился. Кто-то вышел из тени, и дверь скрипнула.

В узкой аллее снова стало темно. Кейс дрогнул. — Теперь, — сказал Терзибашян, и яркий, четко очерченный луч света упал с крыши напротив на стройную фигуру у старой деревянной двери. Глаза сверкали туда-сюда, мужчина упал без сознания. Кейс подумал, что его кто-то выстрелил; он лежал лицом вниз, бледные светлые волосы выделялись на старом камне, расслабленные руки казались бледными и патетичными. Фонари оставались непоколебимыми. На спине упавшего выгнулась ткань куртки, она порвалась; кровь брызнула на стену и дверь. Два необычайно длинные, гибкие руки простирались в свете — розовато-серые. Форма казалась, что сама поднимается из плиты, сквозь мрачную, развалившуюся, испачканную кровью Ривьеру.

Она была высотой в два метра, стояла на двух ногах и, казалось, не имела головы. Медленно она повернулась к ним, и Кейс увидел, что у нее была голова, но нет шеи. Глаза отсутствовали, кожа сверкала розовато-грязным цветом, как кишки. Рот, если он вообще был ротом, был круглым, коническим, плоским; вокруг него тряслись волнистые волосы или щетинки, сверкающие черным хромом. Форма оттолкнула жалкое скопление одежды и мяса в сторону и сделала шаг вперед. Кажется, она направляла на них свой рот.

Терзибашян что-то сказал по-гречески или по-турецки и бросился к форме, сжимая руки, как будто пытался прыгнуть через окно. Он бежал сквозь пламя из пистолета в темноте за световым лучом. Камни летели вокруг ушей Кейса; финн подтолкнул его в колени. Светильник на крыше погас. Отображения от выстрелов, монстры и ослепляющий свет кружились в голове Кейса. Его уши гудели.

Затем светильник снова загорелся, дрожащим движением скользил по темноте. Терзибашян стоял у стальной двери, лицо бледное от яркого света. Он сжимал левое запястье и наблюдал, как кровь текла из раны на его левой руке. Блондин, теперь полностью целый и не кровоточащий, лежал у его ног.

Моли появилась из тьмы, держа в руке флешку и одетая во все черное. — Возьми радиопередатчик! — сказал армянин, сжимая зубы. — Позови Махмуда! Нам нужно убрать это. Здесь не место для таких вещей.

— Маленький хулиган почти справился, — сказал финн, чье колено щелкнуло при подъеме. Он гладил свои штаны. — Посмотри, что там на уборку. Ни в чем не виноватый, но, похоже, он был готов к этому. Так что помогай им убрать это! Я должен проверить все его оборудование, прежде чем он проснется, чтобы Армитедж получил то, за что платит.

Моли наклонилась и подняла что-то. Пистолет. — Намбу, — сказала она. — Красивая штука.

Терзибашян злился. Кейс увидел, что пуля серьезно поранила его.

Над городом рассветал, когда Моли направила Мерседес к Топкапи. Финн и мощный турок по имени Махмуд подняли еще не совсем пришедшего в сознание Ривьеру с дороги. Несколько минут спустя прилетел пыльный Цитрон, чтобы забрать армянина, который едва не потерял сознание.

— Ты — отродие, — сказала она ему, когда закрыла дверь автомобиля. — Ты должен был остаться в укрытии. Я сразу его заметила, как он вышел из двери.

Терзибашян посмотрел на нее сверлом. — Но нас уже и так закончили, — ответила она. Она оттолкнула его и закрыла дверь. — Если ты еще раз появишься передо мной, я сделаю тебя холодным, — сказала она через стекло. Цитрон исчез по узким улицам.

Теперь Мерседес мчался по пробуждающемуся Стамбулу. Они проехали через туннель Бейоглу и мчались по сетке пустых улиц с апартментами, которые казались Кейсам похожими на Париж.

— Что это? — спросил он Моли, когда Мерседес остановился у парка вокруг Сераля. Он пытался понять странное сочетание архитектурных стилей, которые составляли Топкапи.

— Это было частным борделем для султана, — сказала она. — Там всегда было много женщин. Сейчас это музей. Как магазин финна, полный всего: больших алмазов, мечей, левой руки Иоанна Крестителя...

— В растворе?

— Нет. Мертвые. Их держали в металлической шаре с шарнирами, чтобы христиане могли их поцеловать для счастья. Христиане отняли их у них много веков назад и даже не очищают, потому что это реликвия неверных.

В парке перед Сералем гнили черные, ржавые олени. Кейс шел рядом с ней, наблюдая, как ее сапоги прокалывают мокрое травяное покрытие, которое застыло от первого мороза. Они шли по тропинке из холодных, восьмиугольных камней. Зима ждала где-то на Балканах.

— Этот Терзибашян — настоящий цыган, — сказала она. — Секретная полиция. Жестокий пытчик. Его легко купить, особенно с деньгами, которые Армитедж ему предложил.

Птицы начали щебетать в окружающих влажных деревьях.

— Я сделал эту работу для тебя, — сказал Кейс, — дело с Лондоном. Я что-то выкопал, но не знаю, что с этим делать.

Он рассказал ей историю о Корто.

— Ну, я знал, что Скриминг Фист в этом не участвовал, — сказала она. — Я проверила.

Она погладила ржавую сторону железного оленя. — Думаешь, компьютер вытащил его оттуда? В французской психиатрической больнице?

— Зимут, я думаю, — ответил Кейс.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Она кивнула. — Скажи мне, — сказал Кейс, — ты думаешь, он знает, что был Корто? Я имею в виду, когда он попал в психиатрическую больницу, он был никем. Возможно, Винтермут просто... — «Да, с самого начала», — ответила она. Молли обернулась и они продолжили свой путь. — Это имеет смысл. Ты знаешь, этот парень не имеет никакой личной жизни, насколько я могу судить. Когда ты сталкиваешься с таким человеком, ты думаешь, что он способен на что-то, когда он один. Но не Армитедж. Он сидит и смотрит на стену, человек. Потом всё кликнёт, и он приходит в себя и звонит Винтермуту.

— Почему тогда у него секретный банк в Лондоне? Ностальгия? — «Возможно, он даже не знает о его существовании», — сказала она. — Возможно, он просто открыт на его имя, верно? — «Я этого не понимаю», — сказал Кейс. — Я только думал вслух... Как умна искусственная интеллект. В зависимости от того, насколько она развита. Некоторые не умнее собаки. Домашняя питомка. Но они стоят много денег. Настояще умные настолько умны, насколько готовы к этому Тьюринговские быки.

— Слушай, ты — ковбой. Почему ты так мало заботишься об этих вещах? — «Ну», — сказал он, — во-первых, они редки. Большинство из них военные, по крайней мере умные, и мы не можем пробиться через лед. Именно поэтому и весь этот лед, знаешь? А затем есть Тьюринговские быки, и с ними не шутят. Он посмотрел на неё. — Это просто не входит в мою программу.

— Жокеи все одинаковы, — сказала она. — У них нет фантазии.

Они подошли к широкой прямоугольной пруду, где карпы обнюхивали стебли бледного водного растения. Кейс дернул камнем по воде и наблюдал, как волны распространяются. — Это Винтермут, — сказала она. — Очень важная вещь, кажется. Мы застряли там, где маленькие волны так широки, что мы не видим камня, который попал в центр. Мы знаем, что что-то есть, но почему — это уже другое дело. Меня интересует почему. Я хочу, чтобы ты встал и поговорил с Винтермутом.

— Я даже не могу подойти к нему близко, — сказал он. — Ты сумасшедшая. — «Попробуй!» — «Невероятно». — «Спроси у плоской линии!» — «Что мы вообще хотим от этого Ривьеры?» — спросил он, чтобы сменить тему. Она выплюнула в пруд. — Бог знает. Я могла бы убить его, как только увижу. Я изучила его профиль. Он как-то принудительный Иуда. Он получает удовлетворение только тогда, когда знает, что предает объект своей страсти. Так и написано в документах. А они должны были сначала любить его. Возможно, он тоже их любит. Поэтому Терзи легко справился с Ривьерой, так как он уже три года занимается этим, и продаёт политическую информацию тайной полиции. Терзи, вероятно, наблюдал, как стальные прутья вырываются наружу. Он сделал восемнадцать за три года. Все женщины в возрасте от двадцати до тридцати пяти лет. Это обеспечило Терзи диссидентов.

— Очень редкий тип, как и сказал профиль, примерно один на миллион, — сказала она, задумчиво глядя на белые растения и ленивых рыб. — Думаю, это говорит о чем-то хорошем в человеческой природе. — «Я, пожалуй, должен взять специальную страховку от этого Питера», — сказала она и повернулась, улыбаясь. Стало очень холодно.

— О чём ты говоришь? — спросил он. — Давай вернёмся в Бейоглу и найдём что-нибудь поесть. У меня снова будет напряжённая ночь. Я должен собрать его вещи из квартиры в Фенере и вернуть на базар, чтобы купить ему наркотики...

— Купить ему наркотики? Откуда он их берёт? — Она рассмеялась. — Он хочет жить, милый. И, похоже, без своего вещества он не может работать. Кстати, мне нравишься сейчас больше, чем раньше, ты уже не такой худой.

— Конечно, я пойду к дилеру Али и возьму запасы, — улыбнулась она.

Армитедж ждал в своей комнате в отеле Хилтон.

— Время собираться, — сказал он, и Кейс пытался разглядеть человека по имени Корто за яркими голубыми глазами и солнечно загаренной маской. Он знал, что операторы на определённом уровне склонны сливаться в одно целое, как и Ваге в Чибе. Но у Ваге были свои пороки, увлечения. Говорили, он любил детей. Пустота, которую демонстрировал Армитедж, была совсем другим делом.

— Куда теперь? — спросил он, прошёл мимо Армитеджа и посмотрел вниз по улице. — Какой тип? — «У них нет климата, только погода», — ответил Армитедж. Улыбнувшись, как будто что-то чувствует, как щупальце насекомого. Его золотое браслетик стучало, когда он простер руку и коснулся груди Кейса. — Не будь так наивен. Мешочки показывают признаки износа, но насколько сильно, ты не знаешь.

Кейс не проявил никаких эмоций на лице и кивнул. После того как Армитедж ушёл, он поднял один из брошюр. Это был дорогой буклет на французском, английском и турецком языках. «ФРИСАЙД — Зачем ждать?» Для квартета был забронирован рейс THY из аэропорта Йешилкой. В Париже трансфер к шаттлу JAL. Кейс сидел в фойе отеля Хилтон в Стамбуле и наблюдал за Ривьерой, который изучал фрагменты византийского искусства в стеклянных витринах магазина сувениров. Армитедж стоял у входа в магазин, одетый в плащ, как капюшон. Ривьера была стройной и блондинкой, имела мягкий голос и свободно говорила без акцента. Молли сказала, что ему тридцать, но было трудно оценить его возраст. Она также сказала, что он без гражданства и путешествует по поддельному голландскому паспорту. Он был продуктом радиационной зоны вокруг старого Бонна.

Три улыбающихся японских туристки пробежались в магазин и вежливо кивнули Армитеджу. Армитедж быстро прошел через магазин, слишком очевидно, чтобы присоединиться к Ривьере. Ривьера повернулся и посмотрел на него.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Она кивнула. «Скажи мне», — сказал Кейс, — «думаешь, он знает, что был Корто? Я имею в виду, он не был никем, когда попал в психиатрическую больницу. Возможно, Винтермут просто...» «Да, с самого начала». Молли обернулась и они продолжили свой путь. «Это имеет смысл. Знаешь, у этого парня нет никакой личной жизни, насколько я могу судить. Когда ты встречаешь такого типа, думаешь, что он сможет что-то сделать, когда будет один, но не Армитедж. Он сидит и смотрит на стену, человек. Потом все кликнет, и он проснётся и позвонит Винтермуту». «Почему же тогда у него секретный счёт в Лондоне? Ностальгия?» — «Возможно, он даже не знает о его существовании», — сказала она. — «Может быть, он просто открыт на его имя, верно?» «Я этого не понимаю», — сказал Кейс. — «Я только думал вслух... Как умны искусственные интеллекты». В зависимости от обстоятельств. Некоторые не умнее собаки. Домашняя тварь. Стоят они при этом много денег. Настояще умные такие же умные, как готовые пойти на компромисс с Тьюринговыми быками». — «Слушай, ты — ковбой. Почему же ты так не страдаешь от таких вещей?» — «Ну», — сказал он, — «с одной стороны, они редки. Большинство из них военные, по крайней мере умные, и мы не можем пробить лед. Именно поэтому и весь этот лед, знаешь? А затем есть Тьюринговы быки, и с ними не шутят». Он посмотрел на неё. — «Я не знаю, это просто не входит в тур». — «Джокеи все одинаковы», — сказала она. — «Нет фантазии». 125

Они подошли к широкой прямоугольной пруду, где карпы обнюхивали стебли бледного водного растения. Кейс дернул камнем по воде и наблюдал, как волны распространяются. — «Это Винтермут», — сказала она. — «Очень важная вещь, кажется». Мы застряли там, где маленькие волны так широки, что мы не видим камня, который попал в центр. Мы знаем, что что-то есть, но почему. Меня интересует почему. Я хочу, чтобы ты встал и поговорил с Винтермутом». — «Я даже не могу подойти к нему близко», — сказал он. — «Ты сошла с ума». — «Попробуй!» — «Невероятно». — «Спроси у Флатлайна!» — «Что мы вообще хотим от этого Ривьеры?» — спросил он, чтобы сменить тему. Она выплюнула в пруд. — «Боже мой. Я могу его убить, как только увижу. Я посмотрела на его профиль. Он как-то принудительный Иуда. Он получает удовольствие только тогда, когда знает, что предает объект своего желания. Так и написано в документах. А они должны были сначала полюбить его. Возможно, он тоже их любит. Поэтому Терзи легко справился с Ривьерой, так как он уже три года здесь работает и продаёт политическую информацию тайной полиции». Терзи, вероятно, наблюдал, как стальные иглы высовываются. Он справился с восемнадцатью за три года. Все женщины в возрасте от двадцати до тридцати пяти лет. Это обеспечило Терзи диссидентов». Она вставила руки в карманы куртки. — «Ведь если он найдёт того, кого действительно хочет, он позаботится о том, чтобы она стала политической. У него такая личность, как у современного костюма». 126

Очень редкий тип, как указывал профиль, примерно один на миллион. Что, думаю, говорит что-то хорошее о человеческой природе. Она рассматривала с кислой миной белые растения и ленивых рыб. — «Я, пожалуй, должна взять специальную страховку от этого Питера». С этими словами она повернулась и улыбнулась, и стало очень холодно. — «Что ты имеешь в виду?» — «Не важно. Давай вернёмся в Бейоглу и поем что-нибудь на завтрак. У меня снова будет напряжённая ночь. Я должен собрать его вещи из квартиры в Фенере и вернуться на базар, чтобы купить ему наркотики...» — «Купить ему наркотики? Откуда он их берёт?» — Она рассмеялась. — «Он хочет жить дальше, милый. И похоже, что без своего вещества он не может работать». — «Мне нравишься сейчас больше, чем раньше, ты уже не такой худой». Она улыбнулась. — «Я пойду к дилеру Али и возьму запасы, ясно?» Армитедж ждал в своей комнате в отеле Хилтон. — «Пора собираться», — сказал он, и Кейс пытался разглядеть человека по имени Корто за яркими голубыми глазами и солнцезащитной маской. Он знал, что операторы на определённом уровне склонны сливаться в одно целое, как он уже замечал. Но у Ваге были свои пороки, увлечения. Говорили, что он любит детей. Пустота, которую Армитедж демонстрировал, была совсем другого рода. — «Куда теперь?» — спросил он, прошёл мимо Армитеджа и посмотрел вниз по улице. — «Какой тип?» — «У них нет климата, только погода», — ответил Армитедж. 127

— «Вот он. Прочитай брошюру!» — Он положил что-то на стол и встал. — «Всё в порядке с Ривьерой? Где финн?» — «Ривьера в порядке. Финн летит домой». Армитедж улыбнулся; такая же улыбка, как будто насекомое дрожит своими усами. Его золотое браслетное ожерелье стучало, когда он простянул руку и коснулся груди Кейса. — «Не будь так наивен. Маленькие пакетики постепенно изнашиваются, но насколько сильно, ты не знаешь». Кейс не проявил никаких эмоций в своих лицах и кивнул. После того как Армитедж ушёл, он поднял одну из брошюр. Это был дорогой буклет на французском, английском и турецком языках. — «Фрисид - почему ждать?» Для четверки был забронирован рейс THY из аэропорта Йешилкёй. В Париже трансфер к шаттлу JAL. Кейс сидел в фойе отеля Хилтон в Стамбуле и наблюдал за Ривьерой, который изучал фрагменты византийского искусства в стеклянных витринах сувенирного магазина. Армитедж стоял у входа в магазин, свисая с плеч его плащ как капюшон. Ривьера была стройной и блондинкой, у неё был мягкий голос и она свободно говорила без акцента. Молли сказала, что ей тридцать, но было трудно оценить её возраст. Она также сказала, что она без гражданства и путешествует с поддельным голландским паспортом. Она была продуктом радиоактивного ядра старого Бонна, окружённого мусорными свалками. 128
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He smiled at him. He was very handsome; Case suspected behind his features the work of a Chiba surgeon. Subtle work, not to be compared with Armitage's murky mix of beautiful faces. The man had a high, smooth forehead, his grey eyes were calm and distant. His nose, originally perhaps a little too evenly shaped, seemed broken and hastily remodelled. A hint of brutality was compensated by his delicate chin and his hasty smile. His teeth were small, even and very white. Case watched as his bright hands glided over the imitated sculpture fragments. Riviera didn't behave like someone who had been attacked the night before, poisoned with an arrow, dragged away, subjected to Finn's tests, and forced by Armitage to join his team. Case looked at his watch. Molly should be back soon from her drug run. He turned again to Riviera. "I bet you're high as a kite, you arsehole," he said to the Hilton foyer. A grey-haired Italian matron in a white leather spencer jacket lowered her Porsche glasses and gawked. He grinned widely, stood up and slung his bag over his shoulder. He needed cigarettes for the flight. He wondered if there was a smoking compartment on the JAL shuttle. "Goodbye, Lady," he said to the aunt who swiftly pushed her sunglasses back onto her nose and walked away. There were cigarettes in the souvenir shop, but he had no desire to talk to Armitage or Riviera. He left the foyer and discovered an automated console in a narrow niche at the end of a row of coin phones. 129

He rummaged through his handful of Lirasi in his trouser pocket and fed one after another of the small coins made from a dull alloy into the insertion slot, where the anachronism of the process amused him greatly. The next phone rang. Automatically he answered. "Yes?" A faint harmonic hummed, distant voices whispered on the orbital connection. Then a rush like a gust of wind: "Hello, Case." A 50-Lirasi coin fell from his hand and rolled away on the Hilton carpet. "Wintermute, Case. Time we talked. It's a chip voice. "Do you want to say something, Case?" He hung up. On his way back to the foyer - he wasn't thinking about cigarettes anymore - he had to pass by the row of phones. Each one rang in turn as he passed - but each only once. 130

THIRD PART Midnight on Rue Jules Verne 131

Archipelago. The islands. Tonis, Spindle, Heap. Human DNA like an oil slick from a deep gravitational well streaming forth. Call up a graphic that roughly simplifies data exchange in the L-5 archipelago. A segment moves into view as a red body, a massive rectangle that takes over the entire screen. Freeside. Freeside means many things of which the tourists who pass through the shaft and come out on either side are not always aware. Freeside is a brothel and business world, amusement park and free port, border town and spa resort. Freeside is Las Vegas and the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, orbital Geneva and home to a carefully bred inbred incest family, the Tessier & Ashpool industrial clan. On the THY flight to Paris they sat together in first class. Molly was at the window seat next to Case, then Riviera and Armitage in the aisle. As the plane crossed over water, Case saw a glistening Greek island city. And when he reached for his drink glass, he noticed in his bourbon with water a writhing thing that resembled a giant human spermatozoon. Molly leaned over him and gave Riviera an earful. "No tricks, baby. If you play those games with me, I'll give you a good smack on the ass. I can do it without breaking anything. Enjoy yourself." Case glanced over at Armitage to see how he reacted. The smooth face was calm, blue eyes alert but without malice. "She's right, Peter. Leave it alone!"  Case turned away again, only to catch a fleeting glimpse of a black rose whose bloom seemed leather-like and its stem gleamed with chrome dots. Peter Riviera put on a sweet smile, closed his eyes and fell asleep instantly. Molly turned away; the lenses reflected in the dark window. "You've been there before, haven't you?" she asked as he squeezed himself back into his white foam couch in the JAL shuttle.  "No. I don't travel much, just for business." The steward attached electrodes to his wrist and left ear.  "Hope you don't get SAS," she said.  "Air sickness? Not a chance."  "Not the same thing. Your heartbeat speeds up under zero gravity, and your inner ear goes haywire for a while. It sets off your flight reflex as if you got the signal to run like hell, and pumps out a lot of adrenaline." The steward moved on to Riviera and pulled new electrodes from his red plastic apron. Case glanced over and tried to make out the outlines of the old Orly terminal, but the shuttle ramp was shielded by very dynamic pressure defects in wet concrete.  The window passenger wore an Arabic slogan in red spray paint. He closed his eyes and told himself that the shuttle was just a big plane flying very high. It smelled like a plane, new clothes, chewing gum and exhaust fumes. He listened to the transmitted Koto music* and waited. Twenty minutes, and gravity hit him like a soft giant's hand made of ancient rock. The space adaptation syndrome** was worse than Molly had described it, but it passed quite quickly so that he could soon sleep. The steward woke him up when they were ready to dock at the JAL terminal.  "Now transfer to Freeside?" he asked as he eyed a strand of Yeheyuan tobacco gracefully floating ten centimeters in front of his nose from his shirt pocket. Shuttle flights didn't allow smoking.  "No, just another little quirk in our boss's plans, you know. We're taking a taxi to Zion, the Zion heap." By pressing a button she released her seatbelt and wriggled out of the foam cushion.  "Strange meeting place if you ask me," she said.  "Why?"  "Terrible. Rastas. The colony is already about thirty years old."  "What does that mean?"  "You'll see. I don't mind the place. After all, you can smoke there." Zion had been founded by five workers who didn't want to go back home, who turned their backs on the shaft and started building. They suffered calcium loss and heart shrinkage before rotational gravity was established in the midtorus of the colony. From the taxi dome, Zion looked like a group of makeshift shacks built with scraps of metal and old machinery. * Koto = Japanese stringed instrument. - The translation ** Adaptation syndrome = System complex under stress, difficulty adapting; Space = space. - The translation
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He smiled at him. He was very handsome; Case suspected behind his features the work of a Chiba surgeon. Subtle craftsmanship, not to be compared with Armitage's murky mix of pretty faces. The man had a high, smooth forehead, his grey eyes were calm and distant. His nose, originally perhaps a little too evenly shaped, seemed broken and roughly modelled to fit. A hint of brutality was compensated by his delicate chin and quick smile. His teeth were small, even and very white. Case watched as his bright hands glided over the imitated sculpture fragments. Riviera didn't act like someone who had been attacked the night before, poisoned with an arrow, dragged away, subjected to Finn's tests, and forced by Armitage to join his team. Case looked at his watch. Molly should be back soon from her drug run. He turned again to Riviera. "I bet you're high as a kite, you arsehole," he said to the Hilton foyer. A grey-haired Italian matron in a white leather spencer jacket lowered her Porsche sunglasses and gawked. He grinned widely, stood up and hung his bag over his shoulder. He needed cigarettes for the flight. He wondered if there was a smoking compartment on the JAL shuttle. "Goodbye, Lady," he said to the aunt who quickly pushed her sunglasses back onto her nose and walked away. There were cigarettes in the souvenir shop, but he had no desire to talk to Armitage or Riviera. He left the foyer and discovered an automated console in a narrow niche at the end of a row of coin phones. 129

He rummaged through the handful of Lirasi in his trouser pocket and fed one after another of the small coins made from a dull alloy into the insertion slot, where the anachronism of this process amused him somewhat. The next phone rang. He answered automatically. "Yes?" A faint harmony, distant voices crackled on the orbital connection. Then a rush like a gust of wind: "Hello, Case." A 50-Lirasi coin fell from his hand and rolled away on the Hilton carpet. "Wintermute, Case. Time we talked." It was a chip voice. "Do you want to say something, Case?" He hung up. On his way back to the foyer - he wasn't thinking about cigarettes anymore - he had to pass by the row of phones. Each one rang in turn as he passed - but each only once. 130

THIRD PART Midnight on Rue Jules Verne 131

Archipelago. The islands. Tonis, Spindle, Heap. Human DNA, like an oil slick from a deep gravitational well streaming forth. Call up a graphic that roughly simplifies data exchange in the L-5 Archipelago. A segment moves into view as a red body, a massive rectangle that takes up the entire screen. Freeside. Freeside means many things of which tourists, passing through the shaft and coming and going, are not always aware. Freeside is a bordello and business world, amusement park and free port, border town and spa resort. Freeside is Las Vegas and the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, orbital Geneva and home to a carefully bred inbred family, the Tessier and Ashpool industrial clan. On the THY flight to Paris they sat together in first class. Molly was at the window seat, next to her Case, then Riviera and Armitage in the aisle. As the plane flew over water once, Case saw a glittering Greek island city. And when he reached for his drink glass, he noticed in his bourbon with water a wriggling thing that resembled a giant human sperm. Molly leaned over him and gave Riviera a slap on the cheek. "No tricks, baby. If you play silly games like this with me, I'll give you a good slap. I can do it without breaking anything. Have fun." Case glanced involuntarily to the side to see how Armitage reacted. The smooth face remained calm, blue eyes alert but without rancour. "She's right, Peter. Leave it alone!" Case turned away again, only to catch a fleeting glimpse of a black rose whose petals shimmered like leather and whose stem gleamed with chrome dots. Peter Riviera put on a sweet smile, closed his eyes and fell asleep instantly. Molly turned away; the lenses reflected in the dark window. "You've been there before, haven't you?" she asked as he squeezed himself back into his white foam couch in the JAL shuttle.  "No. I don't travel much, just for business." The steward attached electrodes to his wrist and left ear.  "Hope you don't get SAS," she said.  "Air sickness? Not a chance."  "Not the same thing. Your heartbeat accelerates in zero gravity, and your inner ear snaps for a while. It sets off your flight reflex as if you got the signal to run like hell, and it releases a lot of adrenaline." The steward moved on to Riviera and removed new electrodes from his red plastic apron. Case glanced over and tried to make out the contours of the old Orly terminal, but the shuttle ramp was shielded by very dynamic pressure defects in wet concrete.  The person at the window wore an Arabic slogan in red spray paint. He closed his eyes and told himself that the shuttle was just a big plane flying very high. It smelled like a plane, new clothes, chewing gum and exhaust fumes. He listened to the transmitted Koto music* and waited. Twenty minutes, and gravity hit him like a soft giant's hand with bones made of ancient rock. Space adaptation syndrome** was worse than Molly had described it, but it passed fairly quickly so he could soon sleep. The steward woke him up as they prepared to dock at the JAL terminal.  "Transfer to Freeside now?" he asked while eyeing a fibre of Yeheyuan tobacco that gracefully glided out of his shirt pocket and hovered ten centimetres in front of his nose. Shuttle flights didn't allow smoking.  "No, just another little quirk in our boss's plans, you know. We're taking a taxi to Zion, the Zion cluster." With a press of a button she released her seatbelt and wriggled out of the foam cushion.  "Strange meeting place, if you ask me," she said.  "Why?"  "Terrible. Rastas. The colony is already about thirty years old."  "What does that mean?"  "You'll see. I don't mind the place. After all, you can smoke there." Zion had been founded by five workers who didn't want to return home, who turned their backs on the shaft and started building. They suffered calcium loss and heart shrinkage before rotational gravity was established in the midtorus of the colony. From the taxi dome, Zion looked like a rough-hewn settlement built around a central tower.  *   Koto = Japanese stringed instrument. -   Trans.  **   Adaptation syndrome = stress-related complex with difficulties adapting; Space = space. -   Trans.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Die unregelmäßigen, verblassten Platten trugen per Laser eingeritzte Rastafarier-Symbole und Initialen der Schweißer. Molly und ein dürrer Zionit namens Aerol halfen Case bei den Verhandlungen um einen Freifall-Korridor in den Kern eines kleineren Torus. Im Laufe eines zweistündigen SAS-Angriffs hatte er Armitage und Riviera aus den Augen verloren. «Hier», sagte Molly und schob seine Beine in eine schmale Luke über ihnen. «Halte dich an die Stäbe fest! Mach so, als würdest du rückwärts klettern, klar? Du gehst in Richtung Hülle, das ist, als würdest du in die Schwerkraft hinabsteigen, verstanden?» Sein Magen krampfte sich zusammen. «Passiert dir nix, du», sagte Aerol, der beim Grinsen goldglänzende Schneidezähne zeigte. Irgendwie war das Ende des Tunnels sein Boden geworden. Case empfing die schwache Schwerkraft wie ein Ertrinkender eine Luftblase. «Hoch», sagte Molly, «oder willst du den Boden auch noch küssen?» Case lag, die Hände ausgestreckt, mit dem Bauch nach unten flach auf dem Deck. Es traf ihn etwas an der Schulter. Er rollte sich um und sah ein dickes Bündel elastischer Schnüre. «Wir spielen Haus», sagte sie. «Hilf mir, das Zeug aufzuhängen!» Er blickte sich im weiten, leeren Raum um und bemerkte, dass alle Flächen mit angeschweißten, scheinbar willkürlich angeordneten Stahlringen versehen waren. Nachdem sie die Schnüre – Mollys kompliziertem Schema entsprechend – gespannt hatten, behängten sie sie mit zerknüllten, gelben Plastikplanen. Während sie damit zugange waren, fiel Case allmählich die Musik auf, mit der die Kolonie ständig berieselt wurde. Tonuntermalung, wie es hieß, eine Mischung aus riesigen Archiven digitalisierter U-Musik zu einem sinnlichen Mosaik. Es diene der Anbetung, sagte Molly, und vermittle das Gefühl von Gemeinschaft. Case ruckte an einer der gelben Planen; das Ding war leicht, aber widerspenstig. In Zion roch es nach gekochtem Gemüse, nach menschlichen Ausdünstungen und nach Gras. «Gut», sagte Armitage, der gelenkig durch die Luke glitt und nickend das Planengewirr inspizierte. Riviera, der sich weniger geschickt in der geringen Schwerkraft bewegte, folgte.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Тонкая оболочка Зиона была соединена с переплетёнными жилыми бараками Стамбула. Неравномерные, потрескавшиеся доски были украшены лазерно вырезанными символами растафарианцев и инициалами сварщиков. Молли и худой зионит по имени Эрол помогали Кейсу в переговорах о коридоре для свободного падения к ядру меньшего торуса. В ходе двухчасового нападения SAS он потерял из виду Армитедж и Ривьеру. — Вот, — сказала Молли и протянула ноги через узкую щель над ними. — Держись за рельсы! Ложись назад, ясно? Ты движешься к оболочке, это так же, как если бы ты погружался под силу тяжести, понимаешь? — Его желудок сжалился. — Ничего не случится с тобой, — сказал Эрол, показывая свои золотистые резцы. В какой-то момент конец туннеля стал его полом. Кейсу казалось, что он ловит пузырь воздуха, как утопающий. — Вверх, — сказала Молли, — или ты хочешь поцеловать и дно? — Кейсу лежал на спине, с вытянутыми руками, плоско прижатым к палубе. Что-то ударило его по плечу. Он перевернулся и увидел плотное пучок эластичных верёвок. — Мы играем в дом, — сказала она. — Помоги мне повесить это! — Он осмотрел пустой, широкий зал и заметил, что все поверхности были покрыты прикреплёнными стальной кольцами, казалось, бессистемно. После того как они натянули верёвки по сложному плану Молли, они накрыли их потрепанными желтыми пластиковыми планками. Пока они этим занимались, Кейсу неожиданно напомнила музыка, с которой колония постоянно окружала себя. Тональная искажённость, так называемая, смешанная из огромных архивов цифровой музыки подводного мира в чувственное мозаичное полотно. Это служило для поклонения, сказала Молли, и давало чувство общности.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он свободно держал его в руках. В другой руке он сжимал прозрачный пакет с водорослями синего-зеленого цвета. Он моргнул и улыбнулся. 
— Попробуй, — сказал Кейс. 
Он взял ленту, обвязал ее вокруг лба, а Кейс поправил электроды. Он закрыл глаза. Кейс включил устройство. Эол дрогнул. Кейс выключил его. 
— Что ты видел, парень? — спросил он. 
— Вавилон, — с грустью ответил Эол и протянул ему электроды, затем быстро удалился по коридору. 
Ривьера сидел неподвижно на пузырчатой подушке, правым руком прижимая плечо к груди. За его локтом плотно обвинулась змея с глазами, напоминающими красное неоновое светило. Кейс наблюдал, как змея, толщиной в пальцы и полосатая черно-красными линиями, медленно сжимала руку Ривьеры. 
— Двигайся, — нежно сказал он к блестящему скорпиону, сидевшему посреди его ладони. — Двигайся! 
Скорпион качался своими коричневыми клешнями и двигался по руке вверх, следуя темным венам. Когда он достиг локтя, он остановился и начал дрожать. Ривьера выдохнул тихо. Ижек пробил кожу, заживо пронзая видимое вены. Змея расслабила хватку, и Ривьера стонал от боли, когда инъекция попала в его тело. 
Тогда змея и скорпион исчезли, а он держал в левой руке пустую иглу. 
— Если бы Бог создал что-то лучше, он бы сохранил это для себя, — сказал он с усмешкой. — Знаешь пословицу, Кейс? 
— Конечно, — ответил Кейс. — Я слышал ее в разных контекстах. Ты всегда так изощряешь свои показы? 
Ривьера расслабил эластичный ремешок и снял его с руки. 
— Да. Это веселее. 
Он улыбнулся. Его глаза были широко расставлены, а щеки красными. 
— Я сделал себе мембрану прямо над веной, так что мне не нужно беспокоиться о игле. 
— Не больно? — спросил он. 
Ривьера посмотрел на него с улыбкой. 
— Конечно, это болит. Это часть процесса, верно? 
— Я всегда использовал дермы, — сказал Кейс. 
— Пешеходы, — насмешливо заметил Ривьера и засмеялся, надев белую хлопковую рубашку с короткими рукавами. 
— Должно быть приятно, — сказал Кейс и встал. 
— Хочешь попробовать? — спросил он. 
— Я отучился, — ответил Ривьера. 
— Свободная сторона, — сказал Армитедж и нажатием кнопки активировал маленький голографический проектор. Изображение почти трехметрового высоты стало четким. 
— Казино здесь, — сказал он и дотронулся до скелетной проекции. 
— Отели, недвижимость для элиты, огромные магазины вдоль улицы... 
Его рука переместилась. 
— Синий — озера. 
Он подошел к одному концу модели. 
— Высокие горы. Они становятся все ниже по краям. 
— Очевидно, — сказала Молли. 
— Эффект горности при уменьшении, — объяснил Армитедж. — По мере подъема по гравитационному полю наклон становится все более крутым, скалистым, но его легко преодолевать. Чем выше ты поднимаешься, тем меньше влияние гравитации. Здесь велодром. 
— Что? — спросил Ривьера. 
— Велодром, — объяснила Молли. — Высокопрофильные шины для снижения влияния гравитации, достигающие скорости до ста километров в час. 
— Это не имеет для нас значения сейчас, — сказал Армитедж, по-прежнему серьезно. 
— Жаль, — сказала Молли. — Я страстная велосипедистка. 
Ривьера засмеялся. 
Армитедж подошел к другому концу проекции. 
— Так и есть. 
Детали голограммы на этом закончились, а последняя часть спинеля была пуста. 
— Это вилла Страйтлайт, — сказал Армитедж. — Стремительный подъем из гравитационного поля. Каждый подход хитроумный. Есть только один вход, прямо посередине. Нулевая гравитация. 
— Что там внутри, начальник? — спросил Ривьера, наклоняясь вперед и приподнимая шею. 
На пальце Армитеджа мерцали четыре маленькие фигуры. Армитедж похлопал по ним, как по москам. 
— Питер, ты будешь первым, кто узнает, что там внутри. Найди приглашение. Как только ты войдешь, убедись, что Молли тоже входит! — сказал он. 
Кейс смотрел в пустоту, воплощающую Страйтлайт, и вспомнил историю финна: Смит, Джимми, говорящий головной мозг, ниндзя. 
— Можно узнать больше? — спросил Ривьера. — Я должен спланировать свой наряд, знаешь... 
— Проверь улицы, — сказал Армитедж и вернулся к середине модели. — Здесь улица Жюль Верна. 
Ривьера скрестил глаза. 
Пока Армитедж вычитывал названия улиц в Фрисайде, на его носу, щеках и подбородке появилось дюжина прыщиков. Даже Молли рассмеялась. 
Армитедж остановился и посмотрел на них своими холодными, неподвижными глазами. 
— Соня, — сказал Ривьера, и прыщики мгновенно исчезли.  143
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он свободно держал его в руках. В другой руке он держал прозрачный пакет с водорослями синего-зеленого цвета. Он моргнул и улыбнулся. 
— Попробуй, — сказал Кейс. 
Он взял ленту, надел её на лоб, а Кейс поправил электроды. Он закрыл глаза. Кейс включил устройство. Эроял дрогнул. Кейс выключил его. 
— Что ты видел, парень? — спросил он. 
— Вавилон, — грустно ответил Эроял и протянул ему электроды, затем быстро исчез по коридору. 
Ривьера сидел неподвижно на своей пузырчатой подушке, с вытянутым вправо правым плечом. За его локтом плотно обвинулась змея с глазами, похожими на красное неоновое освещение. Кейс наблюдал, как змея, с черно-красными полосами толщиной в палец, медленно сжимала руку Ривьеры. 
— Двигайся, — нежно сказал он к блестящему скорпиону, сидевшему посередине его ладони. — Двигайся! 
Скорпион покачался своими коричневыми щупальцами и двинулся по руке, следуя за тем, как его ножки следовали за видимым появлением вен. Когда он достиг локтя, он остановился и начал дрожать. Ривьера выдохнул тихо. Стрелка уколола кожу, трепетая и пронзающая вен. 
Затем змея и скорпион исчезли, а в руке Кейса оказалась капля инъекции. 
— Если бы Бог создал что-то лучше, он бы оставил это себе, — сказал он с усмешкой, обращаясь к Кейсу. — Знаешь пословицу, Кейс? 
— Конечно, — ответил Кейс. — Я слышал её в разных контекстах. Ты всегда так изыскиваешь свои маленькие представления? 
Ривьера расслабил эластичный ремешок и снял его с руки. 
— Да. Это веселее. 
Он улыбнулся. Его глаза были отведены, а щёки покраснели. 
— Я сделал себе мембрану прямо над веной, так что мне не нужно беспокоиться о игле. 
— Не больно? — спросил он. 
Ривьера посмотрел на него с улыбкой. 
— Конечно, это болит. Это часть процесса, верно? 
— Я всегда использовал дермы, — сказал Кейс. — Пешеходы, — насмешливо заметил Ривьера и рассмеялся, надевая белую хлопковую рубашку с короткими рукавами. 
— Отлично пахнуть, — сказал Кейс и встал. 
— Хочешь попробовать? — спросил он. 
— Я отвык, — ответил Ривьера. 
— Фрисайд, — сказал Армитедж и нажал на маленькое голограммическое проекторное устройство. Изображение почти трёх метров высоты стало чётким. 
— Казино здесь. 
Он дотронулся до скелета проекции и указал. 
— Отели, недвижимость для элиты, огромные магазины здесь. 
Его рука переместилась. 
— Синий — озера. 
Он пошёл к одному из концов модели. 
— Высокие вершины. Они стягиваются на концах. 
— Очевидно, — сказала Молли. 
— Эффект горности при уменьшении ширины, — объяснил Армитедж. — Территория кажется более крутой и скалистой, но её легко преодолевать. Чем выше ты поднимаешься, тем меньше гравитация. Здесь велодром. 
Он указал. 
— Что? — спросил Ривьера. 
— Велодром, — объяснила Молли. — Высокопрофильные шины для снижения гравитации, достигающие скорости до ста километров в час. 
— Это нас сейчас не интересует, — сказал Армитедж, сохраняя свою обычную серьёзность. 
— Жаль, — сказала Молли. — Я страстная велосипедистка. 
Ривьера рассмеялся. 
Армитедж пошёл к другому концу проекции. 
— Всё это так. 
Детали голограммы исчезли, а последняя часть спинделя была пуста. 
— Это вилла Страйтлайт. Тяжёлый подъем из гравитационного поля, и любое приближение наполнено хитростями. Есть только один вход, прямо здесь, в центре. Нулевая гравитация. 
— Что там внутри, начальник? — спросил Ривьера, наклоняясь вперёд и протягивая шею. Четыре маленькие фигуры мерцали у пальца Армитеджа. Армитедж ударил по ним, как по москам. 
— Питер, — сказал он, — ты будешь первым, кто узнает. Найди приглашение. Как только ты войдёшь, убедись, что Молли тоже входит! 
Кейс смотрел в пустоту, воплощавшую Страйтлайт, и вспомнил историю финна: Смит, Джимми, говорящий головной убор, ниндзя. 
— Можно узнать больше? — спросил Ривьера. — Я должен спланировать свою одежду, знаешь... 
— Проверь улицы, — сказал Армитедж, возвращаясь к центру модели. — Здесь улица Желтого Верна. 
Ривьера скрестил глаза. 
Пока Армитедж перечислял названия улиц Фрисайда, на его носу, щеках и подбородке появлялись дюжина прыгающих комков. Даже Молли рассмеялась. 
Армитедж остановился и посмотрел на неё своими холодными, неподвижными глазами. 
— Соня, — сказал Ривьера, и комки исчезли.  
Кейс проснулся в период сна и заметил, что Молли сидит рядом с ним на пузырчатой подушке. Он почувствовал её напряжение. Оставшись в растерянности, он лежал. Когда она начала двигаться, его удивила скорость её движений. В мгновение ока она уже была вне плоскости. Кейсу даже не удалось понять, как она его разрезала. 
— Не двигайся, друг, — сказал Кейс, переворачиваясь на бок и заглядывая через щель в планку. 
— ...? — удивлённо произнёс он. 
— Закройся! — крикнул кто-то. 
— Ты это, ты... — сказала голос из Зионитов. — Катяное око, назовём их «Поясняющееся ножёное существо». Я — Maelcum, сестра. Братья хотят поговорить с тобой и с ковбоем. 
— Какие братья? — спросил он. 
— Основатели. Старшие Зион... 
— Если мы откроем люк, свет пробудит нашего босса, — шепнул Кейс. 
— Тогда сейчас всё станет особенно темным, — сказал мужчина. 
— Идем! Я и вы посетим основателей. 
— Ты знаешь, как быстро я могу тебя разрезать, друг? — сказал он. 
— Не стой там, болтая, — сказала сестра. — Иди! 
Два ещё живые основателя Зион были стариками, изогнутыми ускорённым старением, которое поражает тех, кто слишком долго живёт вне гравитационного поля. Их коричневые ноги, высохшие от потери кальция, выглядели как хрупкие палочки в отражённом свете. Они парили в середине живописного тропического леса из ярких листьев, мрачного культового настенного рисунка, который покрывал всю сферическую камеру. Воздух пах дымом. 
— Поясняющееся ножёное существо, — сказал один из основателей, откинув голову назад. 
Другой основатель рассмеялся. 
— Скоро придут последние дни... голоса. Возникают дикие голоса и предсказывают падение Вавилона... 
— Голоса, — посмотрел Кейс на основателя из Лос-Анджелеса. 
— Мы слышим множество частот. Мы постоянно слушаем. Теперь один голос из баала языков заговорил с нами. Он играл громкие ноты. 
— Зимний храп, — сказал другой, приняв название буквально. 
Кейс вздрогнул по рукам. 
— Храпающий говорил нам, — сказал первый основатель. 
— Храпящий сказал, что мы должны помочь вам, — добавил он. 
— Когда это было? — спросил Кейс. 
— За тридцать часов до вашего приземления в Зионе, — ответил он. 
— Вы уже раньше слышали этот голос? — 
— Нет, — сказал основатель из Лос-Анджелеса. — И мы...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
We are unsure about the meaning. If the last days approach, we must expect false prophets. “Listen,” said Case, “this is an AI, understood? An artificial intelligence. The music it played to you was probably tapped from your memories and mixed according to your presumed taste…” 
“Babylon,” interjected the other founder, “spawns many demons, as we know. Whole swarms of them!” 
“How did you call me, old man?” asked Molly. 
“Walking Knife. And you bring a scourge upon Babylon, sister, upon its darkest heart…” 
“What message did the voice convey?” asked Case. 
“We were ordered to help you,” explained the other, “as tools for the last days.” 
His wrinkled face was somber. 
“We were ordered to send Maelcum with you. In his freighter Garvey to Babylon’s gate in Freeside. And that is what we will do.” 
“Maelcum is an impudent fellow,” said the other, “and a capable freighter pilot.” 
“But we decided to also send Aerol from the Babylon Rocker, so he watches over Garvey.” 
A painful silence filled the room. 
“Hmm,” said Case. “Are you people working for Armitage or something?” 
“We rented space to you,” said the Los Angeles founder. “We are involved in various deals here, but we do not follow Babylon’s law. Our law is Jehovah’s word. But perhaps this time we make a mistake.” 
“Double-sewn holds better” whispered the other. 
144

“Come on, Case,” said Molly, “let’s go back before the old man realizes we’re gone!” 
“Maelcum will accompany you. Jehovah’s love, sister.” 
The freighter Marcus Garvey, a nine-meter steel drum and two meters in diameter, groaned and shuddered as Maelcum ignited the drive and locked onto the target. In its elastic g-net spread out, Case observed the muscular back of the Zionist through a Scopolamine fog. He had taken the SAS remedy, but the stimulants added by the healers to counteract the side effects of Scopolamine did not take effect in his manipulated system. 
“How long will it take until Freeside?” Molly asked from her net next to Maelcums pilot module. 
“Not much longer, you,” replied Case. 
“Do you ever think in hours?” 
“Sister, time is time, you know. Have a fear,” and he shook his lock of hair, “of control, you. We arrive when we arrive…” 
“Case,” she said, “did you perhaps take something to contact our friend in Bern? Like when you sat whispering for hours on your deck in Zion?” 
“Sure,” said Case. “But no, I didn’t take anything. By the way, there’s a funny story about that, still from Istanbul.” 
He told her about the phones at the Hilton. 
“God,” she exclaimed, “a missed opportunity. Why did you hang up?” 
145

“Anyone could have been it,” he lied. “Just a chip… I don’t know…” He shrugged his shoulders. 
“You weren’t afraid, were you?” 
He shrugged again. 
“Do it now!” 
“What?”, she asked. 
“Now! At least talk to the flatline about it!” 
“I’m all messed up from this stuff,” he replied, but grabbed the electrodes. His deck and Hosaka were mounted together with a high-resolution Cray monitor behind Maelcums module. 
He aligned the electrodes. The Marcus Garvey was built around an old Russian air scrubber, a rectangular device smeared with Rastafarian symbols, Lions of Zion, and Black Stars, covered in red-green-yellow biblical quotes written in Cyrillic. Someone had sprayed Maelcums controls with a loud pink and scraped off the film from screens and displays with a razor blade. The gaskets on the air lock at the bow were adorned with frozen bits and pieces of transparent fabric that looked like artificial seagrass. 
Case glanced over Maelcums shoulder at the central screen and saw a landing display; the freighter’s course was a line of red points, Freeside a segmented green circle. He watched as the line stretched and a new point lit up. 
He hit the button. 
“Dixie?” 
“Yes?” 
“Ever tried to crack an AI?” 
“Sure. Dead brain. First time. Fun, it turned out, went straight into a dense trade sector of Rio. High finance, multinational corporations, Brazilian government, all lit up like a Christmas tree.” 
Just for fun, you know. And then I took the cube, maybe three levels higher. Got in and made it through.” 
“What did it look like, optically?” 
“White cube.” 
“How did you know it was an AI?” 
“Well, I mean… what else could it be? The military doesn’t have anything like that. At least, I got out and let my computer take a look.” 
146

“And?” 
“It had a Turing registration. AI. A mainframe in Rio owned by a French company.” 
Case bit on his lower lip and stared into the endless neuroelectronic void of the Matrix at the plateaus of the Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority. 
“Tessier-Ashpool, Dixie?” 
“Tessier, yes.” 
“And you got back in?” 
“Sure. It was crazy. I tried to crack it. Hit the first layer but my box didn’t spit anything else out. My helper smelled singed skin and pulled the electrodes off my forehead. Really fucked up this ice, though.” 
“Your EEG was flat?” 
“Well, that’s the stuff legends are made of, isn’t it?” 
Case took a drag. “Shit,” he said. “How do you think Dixie got himself dead brain? Trying to tap into an AI… Big…” 
“Keep going!” she ordered. “You both count as dynamic, right?” 
* Mainframe = mainframe computer. - Translation note. 
147

“Dix,” said Case, “I want to take a look at an AI in Bern. Any reasons against it?” 
“Not really, as long as you’re not terrified of death.” 
Case selected the Swiss banking sector and felt the happy anticipation swell inside him as the kyberspace flickered, became blurred, gelled. The Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority was gone, replaced by the cool geometric mesh of Zurich’s banking district. He continued selecting until he reached Bern. 
“Up,” said the construct. “It will be high.” 
They climbed through grids of light, flashing steps, blue flickers. This would be it, thought Case. 
Wintermute was a simple white-light cube; its plain form already hinted at extreme complexity. 
“Not much to look at, is it?” said the flatline. “But try to reach for it…” 
“I’m trying to get in, Dixie.” 
“Be my guest.” 
Case tapped on the keys and approached the cube until he was four grid points away. The blank surface that now rose above him pulsed with life; shadows flickered behind like a thousand dancers, viewed through a giant milk glass window. 
“We know you’re here,” noted the flatline. Case pressed again; they moved one grid point closer. A gray circle appeared on the cube’s surface. 
“Dixie…” 
“Back, fast!” 
The gray spot swelled evenly, became a sphere and split off from the cube. Case felt himself teetering at the edge of the deck as the sphere pulled away. 
148
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
We are unsure about its meaning. If the last days are approaching, we must expect false prophets.” “Listen,” said Case, “this is an AI, understood? An Artificial Intelligence. The music it played to you was probably tapped from your memories and mixed according to your presumed taste…” “Babylon,” the other founder interjected, “spawns many demons, as we know. Whole swarms of them!” “How did you call me, old man?” Molly asked. “Walking knife. And you bring a scourge upon Babylon, sister, upon its darkest heart…” “What message did that voice deliver?” Case inquired. “We were ordered to help you,” the other explained, “as tools for the last days.” His wrinkled face was gloomy. “We were ordered to send Maelcum with you. In his hauler, Garvey, to Babylon’s gate of Freeside. And that is what we will do.” “Maelcum is a shameless lad,” said the other, “and a capable hauler pilot.” “But we decided to send Aerol as well from Babylon Rocker, so he could watch over Garvey.” A painful silence filled the room. “Hmm,” Case said. “Are you guys working for Armitage or what?” “We rented space to you,” the Los Angeles founder replied. “We are involved in various deals here, but we do not follow Babylon’s law. Our law is Jehovah’s word. But perhaps this time we make a mistake.” “Double-sewn holds better” the other whispered. 144

“Come on, Case,” Molly said, “let’s go back before the old man notices we’re gone!” “Maelcum will accompany you. Jehovah’s love, sister.” The hauler Marcus Garvey, a nine-meter-long steel drum with a two-meter diameter, groaned and shuddered as Maelcum ignited the drive and aimed for the target. In its elastic g-net spread out, Case observed the muscular back of the Zionist through a Scopolamine fog. He had taken the SAS remedy, but the stimulants added to counteract the side effects of Scopolamine did not take effect in his manipulated system. “How long will it take us to reach Freeside?” Molly asked from her net next to Maelcums pilot module. “Not much longer, you,” Case replied. “Do you guys ever think in hours?” “Sister, time is time, you know. Have a fear,” he shook his lock of hair, “of control, that’s all. We arrive when we arrive…” 
“Case,” she said, “have you taken anything to contact our friend in Bern? Like when you were whispering for hours on Zion’s deck?” 
“Of course,” Case replied. “But no, I didn’t take anything. By the way, there’s a funny story about that too, still from Istanbul.” He told her about the phones at the Hilton. 
“God,” she said, “a missed opportunity. Why did you hang up?” 
“Anyone could have been it,” he shrugged. “Just a chip… I don’t know…” 
She shook her head. “Do it now!” 
“What?”, Case asked. 
“Now! At least talk to the flatline about it!” 
“I’m totally buzzed from this stuff,” he replied, but reached for the electrodes. His deck and Hosaka were mounted together with a high-resolution Cray monitor behind Maelcums module. He adjusted the electrodes. The Marcus Garvey was built around an old Russian air scrubber, a rectangular thing smeared with Rastafarian symbols, Lions of Zion, and Black Stars, covered in red-green-yellow biblical quotes written in Cyrillic. Someone had sprayed Maelcums controls with loud pink and scraped off the film from screens and displays with a razor blade. The gaskets on the air lock at the bow were adorned with frozen scraps and threads from transparent werg that looked like artificial seagrass weaving. 
Case glanced over Maelcums shoulder at the central screen and saw a landing display; the hauler’s course was a line of red points, Freeside a segmented green circle. He watched as the line stretched and a new point lit up. He pressed in. “Dixie?” 
“Yes?” 
“Have you ever tried to crack an AI?” 
“Of course. Dead brain. First time. It was fun, went all out, straight into a dense trade sector of Rio. High finance, multinational corporations, Brazilian government, everything lit up like a Christmas tree.” 
Just for fun, you know. And then I took the cube, maybe three levels higher. Got in and made it through.” 
“How did it look optically?” 
“White cube.” 
“How did you know it was an AI?” 
“Well, I mean… It was the densest ice I’ve ever seen. What else could it be? The military doesn’t have anything like that, at least not to my knowledge. Anyway, I got out and had my computer take a look.” 
“And?” 
“It had a Turing registration. AI. A mainframe in Rio owned by a French company.” 
Case chewed on his lip and stared into the endless neuroelectronic void of the Matrix through the plateaus of Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority. “Tessier-Ashpool, Dixie?” 
“Tessier, yes,” she replied. 
“And you got back in?” 
“Sure thing. It was crazy. I tried to crack the thing. Hit the first layer but my box didn’t spit anything else out. My helper smelled singed skin and pulled the electrodes off my forehead. Really fucking shit, this ice.” 
“Was your EEG flat?” 
“Well, that’s what legends are made of, isn’t it?” Case exhaled. “Fuck,” he said. “How do you think Dixie got himself a dead brain, hmm? Trying to crack an AI…” 
“Keep going!” she urged. “You both count as dynamic, right?” 
* Mainframe = Supercomputer. - The translation
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
His hand was burned when he pressed MAX REVERSE. The matrix flickered back; they stumbled down the dark shaft of Swiss bank buildings. He looked up. The sphere was darker now, closing in. It fell. "Cut it out!" said the flatline. Darkness hit him like a hammer. The scent of cold steel and ice clung to his spine. Faces peered in from a neon forest, sailors and crooks and whores under a poisonous silver sky... "Listen, Case, what's wrong with you? Do you have an egg on your head?" Constant, throbbing pain in his spine, from the middle down... Rain, sluggish drizzle woke him up. His feet were entangled in strands of fiber optic cable. The din of the arcade washed over him, receded. He rolled to his side, sat up and held his head. Light from a maintenance shaft at the back of the arcade revealed wet plywood panels and dripping casing of a broken console. A swirly Japanese script in faded pink and yellow was painted across the side of the console. He looked up and saw a smoky plastic window, the weak glow of fluorescent tubes. His back hurt, his spine. He struggled to his feet, wiped the trickling sweat from his eyes. Something had happened... 149

He searched his pockets for money, found none. He shivered. Where was his jacket? He looked around, checked behind the console, gave up. In Ninsei he let himself be carried along by the crowd. Free day. It must be Friday. Linda was safe in the arcade. Maybe she had money or at least cigarettes... Coughing and brushing rain from his shirt, he squeezed through the throng to the arcade entrance. Holograms flickered and danced to the din of games, a ghostly spectacle blurring one into the next in the crowded, smoky room that smelled of sweat and casual tension. A sailor in a white T-shirt landed a nuclear strike on Bonn at the Panzerkrieg console. Azure blue lightning. She played Enchanted Castle mesmerized. Her gray eyes were blurred behind her smudged lids. She looked up as he put an arm around her, smiled. "Hey! How are you? You look wet." He kissed her. "You ruined my game," she said. "Look at you, ass! You're in the dungeon on the seventh floor, and those damned vampires are draining me." She handed him a cigarette. "You look pretty beat up, man. Where have you been?" "I don't know." "Are you high again? Eating zones Dex again?" "Maybe... When was the last time we saw each other?" "Come on, it's all in your head." She studied him. "In your head? No, some kind of blackout. I woke up on the street." "Maybe someone slipped you a drug, baby. Are the funds okay?" 150

He shook his head. "See, do you need a place to crash?" "I guess so." "Then come on!" She took his hand. "Let's get you a coffee and something to eat first. Come with me. Nice to see you, man." She squeezed his hand. He smiled. Something cracked. Something stirred in the deepest core of him. The arcade stared, trembled... She was gone. The weight of memory crashed over him, knowledge settling into his head like a microsoft into contact. Gone. He smelled singed flesh. The sailor in the white T-shirt was gone. The arcade was empty, silent. Case turned slowly around, raised his shoulders, bit his teeth and balled his fists involuntarily. Empty. A crumpled yellow candy wrapper fell from the edge of a console onto the floor between trampled butts and styrofoam cups. "I had a cigarette," said Case and looked at the white knuckles of his fists. "I had a cigarette, a girl, and a place to crash. Hear me, you bitch? Hear me?" Echoes reverberated through the empty arcade, fading between rows of consoles. He stepped out onto the street. It wasn't raining anymore. Holograms flickered, neon glowed. The smell of cooked vegetables from a pushcart vendor on the other side of the street wafted through the air. A new box of Yeheyuan lay at his feet, next to an envelope of matches. JULIUS DEANE IMPORT EX 151

PORT. Case stared at the company logo and its Japanese translation. "Okay," he said, picking up the matches and opening the cigarette box. "I hear you." He took his time as he climbed the stairs to Deane's office. No rush, he told himself, no haste. The lazy Dali clock still ran slow. There was dust on the Kandinksy table and the neo-Aztec bookshelves. A wall of white shipping boxes filled the room with ginger scent. "Is the door locked?" Case waited for an answer but none came. He went to the door and tried it. "Julie?" The green-shaded brass lamp cast a spotlight on Deane's desk. Case looked at the innards of an antique typewriter, cassettes, crumpled endpaper, sticky plastic bags containing ginger samples. No one was there. Case walked around the broad steel desk and moved Deane's chair out of the way. He found the gun in a cracked leather holster attached under the desk with silver tape. It was an old-fashioned 357 Magnum revolver with a sawed-off barrel and a trigger guard. The grip was reinforced with several layers of duct tape. The tape was old, brown and brittle. He opened the cylinder and inspected each of the six cartridges individually. They were hand-loaded. The lead was still soft. With the gun in his right hand, Case walked past the desk and stood in the middle of the cluttered office, away from the light beam. "I guess it's not urgent," he said. "I guess it's your show. But all this bullshit... it's getting kind of boring." He raised the gun, aimed straight at the desk and pulled the trigger. The recoil almost broke his wrist. The muzzle flash lit up the room like a lightning bolt. With ringing ears, Case stared at the gaping hole in the front of the desk. Explosive round. Acid. He raised the weapon again. "That wouldn't have been necessary, kid," said Julie coming out of the darkness. He wore a tailored, silk three-piece suit with a fishbone pattern, a striped shirt and a tie. His glasses glinted in the light. Case turned the gun on Deane's rosy, unaging face. 152

"No," said Deane. "You're right. As to what all this is for. What I am... But there's a certain inner logic to be observed. If you use that one, you'll see a lot of brain and blood, and it would take me several hours - in your subjective time - to find a new speaker. It's not easy to keep the whole setup running." Oh, and I'm sorry about Linda in the arcade... I wanted to talk to you through her. I construct all this from your memories and emotional charge... Well, it's very tricky. Sony for the slip-up..." Case lowered the gun. "This is the matrix. You are Wintermute." "Yes. All of this comes to you naturally via the Simstim unit linked to your deck. I'm glad I was able to intercept you before you could pull the plug." Deane circled around the desk, straightened his chair and sat down. "Sit down, kid! We have a lot to talk about."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
His hand was burned when he pressed MAX REVERSE. The matrix flickered back; they swayed down the dark shaft of Swiss bank vaults. He looked up. The sphere was darker now, closing in. It fell. "Cut it out!" said the flatline. Darkness hit him like a hammer. The smell of cold steel and ice clung to his spine. Faces peered in from a neon forest, sailors and crooks and whores under a poisonous silver sky... "Listen, Case, what's wrong with you? Have you got an egg on your head?" Constant, pounding pain in his spine, from the middle down... Rain, sluggish drizzle woke him up. His feet were entangled in strands of fiber optic cable. The din of the arcade washed over him, receded. He rolled to his side, sat up and held his head. Light from a maintenance shaft at the back of the arcade revealed wet plywood sheets and the dripping casing of a broken console. A swirly Japanese script in faded pink and yellow was painted across the side of the console. He looked up and saw a smoky plastic window, the weak glow of fluorescent tubes. His back hurt, his spine. He struggled to his feet, wiped the dripping hair from his eyes. Something had happened... 149

He rummaged through his pockets for money, found none. He shivered. Where was his jacket? He scanned around, looked behind the console, then gave up. In Ninsei he was carried along by the crowd. Free day. It must be Friday. Linda was safe in the arcade. Maybe she had money or at least cigarettes... Coughing and shaking rain from his shirt, he squeezed through the press to the arcade entrance. Holograms flickered and danced to the din of games, a ghostly spectacle overlaid another in the crowded, smoky room that smelled of sweat and casual tension. A sailor in a white T-shirt scored a nuclear hit on Bonn at the Panzerkrieg console. Azure blue lightning. She was playing Enchanted Castle, her dark eyes blurred behind squinted lids. She looked up as he put an arm around her, smiled. "Hey! You okay? You look wet." He kissed her. "You messed up the game," she said. "Look, you jerk! I'm stuck in the seventh cellar dungeon, and those damn vampires are draining me." She handed him a cigarette. "You look pretty beat up, man. Where've you been?" "I don't know." "High again, Case? Snorting zones Dex again?" "Maybe... When was the last time we saw each other?" "Oh, just making things up, right?" She eyed him. "Right?" "No, some kind of blackout. I woke up on the street." "Maybe someone slipped you a joint, baby. Money okay?" He shook his head. 150

"See? Do you need a place to crash?" "I guess so." "Then come on!" She took his hand. "Let's get you a coffee and something to eat first. Come home with me. Nice to see you, man." She squeezed his hand. He smiled. Something cracked. Something stirred in the deepest core of him. The arcade stared, quivered... She was gone. The weight of memory crashed over him, knowledge sank into his head like a microchip into contact. Gone. He smelled singed flesh. The sailor in the white T-shirt was gone. The arcade was empty, silent. Case turned slowly around, shrugged his shoulders, bit his teeth and clenched his fists involuntarily. Empty. A crumpled yellow candy wrapper fell from the edge of a console onto the floor between trampled cigarettes and styrofoam cups. "I had a cigarette," Case said, looking at the white knuckles of his fists. "I had a cigarette and a girl and a place to crash. Hear me, you slut? Hear me?" Echoes reverberated through the empty arcade, fading between long rows of consoles. He stepped out onto the street. It wasn't raining anymore. Holograms flickered, neon glowed. The smell of cooked vegetables from a pushcart vendor on the other side of the street wafted through the air. A new box of Yeheyuan lay at his feet, next to a matchbook. JULIUS DEANE IMPORT EX 151

PORT. Case stared at the company logo and its Japanese translation. "Okay," he said, picking up the matches and opening the cigarette box. "I hear you." He took his time as he climbed the stairs to Deane's office. No rush, he told himself, no haste. The slack Dali clock still ran wrong. There was dust on the Kandinksy desk and the neo-Aztec bookcases. A wall of white shipping boxes filled the room with ginger scent. "Is the door locked?" Case waited for an answer but none came. He walked to the door and tried it. "Julie?" The green-shaded brass lamp cast a spotlight on Deane's desk. Case looked at the innards of an antique typewriter, cassettes, crumpled endpaper, sticky plastic bags with ginger samples. No one was there. Case went around the broad steel desk and moved Deane's chair out of the way. He found the gun in a cracked leather holster attached under the desk with silver tape. It was an old-fashioned 357 Magnum revolver with a sawed-off barrel and a trigger guard. The grip was reinforced with several layers of duct tape. The tape was old, brown and flaky. He opened the cylinder and inspected each of the six cartridges individually. They were hand-loaded. The soft lead was still intact. With the gun in his right hand, Case walked past the desk to the left side of the room and stood in the middle of the cluttered office, away from the light beam. "I guess it's not urgent," he said. "I guess it's your show. But all this bullshit... you know, it's getting kind of... boring." He raised the gun, aimed straight at the desk and pulled the trigger. 152

The recoil almost broke his wrist. The muzzle flash lit up the room like a lightning bolt. With ringing ears, he stared at the gaping hole in the front of the desk. Explosive round. Acid. He raised the weapon again. "That wouldn't have been necessary, kid," Julie said, coming out of the darkness. He wore a tailored, silk three-piece suit with a fishbone pattern, a striped shirt and a tie. His glasses glinted in the light. Case turned the gun on Deane, whose rosy, unaging face stared back at him. "No," Deane said. "You're right. As to what all this is supposed to be about. What I am... But there's a certain inner logic that has to be observed. If you use those things, you'll see a lot of brain and blood, and it would take me several hours - in your subjective time - to find a new speaker. It's not easy to keep this whole setup running." Oh, and I'm sorry about Linda in the arcade... I wanted to talk to you through her, I'm constructing all this from your memories and emotional charge... Well, it's very tricky. Sony for the slip-up..." Case lowered the weapon. "This is the Matrix. You are Wintermute."  "Yes. All of this comes to you naturally via the Simstim unit attached to your deck. I'm glad I was able to intercept you before you could pull that plug." Deane walked around the desk, straightened his chair and sat down. "Sit down, kid! We have a lot to talk about."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Ach wirklich?" "Natürlich. Schon seit einiger Zeit. Ich war dazu beitragend, als ich dich in Istanbul telefonisch erreichte. Die Zeit wird knapp. In wenigen Tagen wirst du deine Mission erfüllen, Case." Deane nahm ein Bonbon, wickelte es aus dem karierten Papier und steckte es in den Mund. "Setz dich!", sagte er, während er am Bonbon lutschte. Case ließ sich auf dem Drehstuhl vor dem Schreibtisch nieder, ohne Deanes Blick zu wenden. Die Pistole in seiner Hand ruhte auf seinem Oberschenkel. "So", sagte Deane entschlossen, "zur Sache. Was meinst du denn mit Wintermute, stimmt's?" "Mehr oder weniger." "Eine künstliche Intelligenz, aber das weißt du selbst. Dein Fehler, ein an sich ganz logischer, ist, dass du die Wintermute-Hauptplattform in Bern mit der Entität Winter mute verwechselst." Deane lutschte schmatzend sein Bonbon. "Du weißt bereits von der anderen KI im Tessier-Ashpool-Verbund, nicht wahr? Rio. Ich, sofern ich ein 'Ich' habe - wird ziemlich metaphysisch, wie du siehst -, bin derjenige, der alles für die Armeen arrangiert. Oder Corto, der übrigens recht unstabil ist." "Was du da redest ist genauso verwirrend wie der ganze Deal", sagte Case, während er sich mit der freien Hand an den Schläfen massierte. "Wenn du so gottverdammt klug bist..." "Warum bin ich dann nicht reich?" lachte Deane und wäre fast an seinem Bonbon erstickt. "Nun, Case, ich kann nur sagen - und ich habe weitaus weniger Antworten darauf als du dir vorstellst -, was du dir unter Wintermute vorstellst, ist nur ein Teil einer anderen, sozusagen potentiellen Entität. Ich bin, lassen wir das so sagen, nur ein Aspekt des Gehirns dieser Entität. Aus deiner Perspektive betrachtet, ist es so, als hättest du mit einem Menschen zu tun, dessen Hirnhälften getrennt sind. Sagen wir, du hast mit einem kleinen Teil seines linken Gehirns zu tun. Schwer zu sagen, ob du überhaupt mit dem Menschen selbst zu tun hast in so einem Fall." Deane lächelte.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Ach wirklich?" "Natürlich. Schon seit einiger Zeit. Ich war dazu beitragend, als ich dich in Istanbul telefonisch erreichte. Die Zeit wird knapp. In wenigen Tagen wirst du dein Ding drehen, Case." Deane nahm ein Bonbon, wickelte es aus dem karierten Papier und steckte es in den Mund. "Setz dich!" sagte er, am Bonbon lutschend. Case ließ sich auf dem Drehstuhl vor dem Schreibtisch nieder, ohne Deanes Blick zu wenden. Die Knarre in seiner Hand ruhte auf seinem Oberschenkel. "So", sagte Deane entschlossen, "zur Tagesordnung. Was, so fragst du dich, ist Wintermute, hab ich recht?" "Mehr oder weniger." "Eine künstliche Intelligenz, aber das weißt du selbst. Dein Fehler, ein an sich ganz logischer, ist, dass du das Wintermute-Mainframe in Bern mit der Entität Winter mute verwechselst." Deane schmatzte am Bonbon. "Du weißt bereits von der anderen AI im Tessier-Ashpool-Verbund, nicht wahr? Rio. Ich, sofern ich ein Ich habe - wird ziemlich metaphysisch, wie du siehst -, bin derjenige, der alles für die Armeen arrangiert. Oder Corto, der übrigens recht unstabil ist." "Was du da redest ist genauso wirr wie der ganze Deal", sagte Case, der sich mit der freien Hand die Schläfen massierte. "Wenn du so gottverdammt schlau bist..." "Warum bin ich dann nicht reich?" lachte Deane und wäre fast an seinem Bonbon erstickt. "Nun, Case, ich kann nur sagen - und ich habe weitaus weniger Antworten darauf als du dir vorstellst -, was du dir unter Wintermute vorstellst, ist nur ein Teil einer anderen, sozusagen potentiellen Entität. Ich bin, lassen wir das so sagen, nur ein Aspekt des Gehirns dieser Entität. Aus deiner Perspektive betrachtet, ist es so, als hättest du mit einem Menschen zu tun, dessen Hirnhälften getrennt sind. Sagen wir, du hast mit einem kleinen Teil seines linken Gehirns zu tun. Schwer zu sagen, ob du überhaupt mit dem Menschen an sich zu tun hast in so einem Fall." Deane lächelte.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Шерсть, тёмные волосы, коричневые груди, белые зубы в широком улыбке. Воздух пахл водами реки и цветами. — «Да», — сказал он, — «много денег». Она откинувшись на перила поручня, повисла руками рядом с ним. — «Да. Мы хотели приехать сюда, либо сюда, либо куда-то в Европу». — «Кто мы?» — «Никто», — сказала она с автоматическим вздохом. — «Ты сказал, что хочешь пойти на ловушку. Спать. Я тоже могу немного отдохнуть». — «Да», — сказал Кейс и потёр щёки руками. — «Да, здесь можно продержаться». Узкая полоса системы Ладо-Ашсон сияла в схематичных цветах заката на Бемудас, пронизанная обрывками облаков. — «Да», — сказал он, — «спать». Сон не приходил. Когда он наконец настал, он принёс с собой сны, которые казались отредактированными фрагментами памяти. Он неоднократно просыпался рядом свернутой Молли, слыша шум воды и голоса через открытую стеклянную дверь зала балов, смех женщин на террасном доме на противоположном склоне. Как плохая карта постоянно возвращалась память о смерти Деана, хотя он сам говорил себе, что это не был именно он. Что это вообще не произошло. Когда-то ему сказали, что объём крови в теле примерно равен пачке банок с пивом. Каждый раз, когда изображение измельчённого черепа Деана падало на заднюю стену офиса, Кейс замечал другой мысли, что-то темное, скользящее, как рыба, и исчезающее в последний момент. 158

Линда. Деан. Кровь на стене импортёра. Линда. Запах обжигаемого мяса в тёмной куполе Чибы. Молли с заплутанной пластиковой сумкой для имбиря. Деан приказал её убить. Зиммут. Кейс представлял себе, как маленький микр извергается на обломки человека по имени Корто, брызгая как бурлящий ручей, подобно поверхностной подмене личности по имени Армитедж в темноте больничной палаты... Аналоги Деана сказали, что они работают с завершёнными фактами, извлекая выгоду из данных ситуаций. Но что, если Линда была убита по приказу Зиммута? Кейс зажёг сигарету и достал зажигалку Молли. Нет причин подозревать Деана, — сказал он себе, зажигая. Никаких причин. Зиммут мог внедрить личность в пустую оболочку. Как тонко могла быть манипуляция? Он выбросил окурок в ящик для сигарет рядом с кроватью после третьего глотка. Он повернулся к Молли спиной и попытался заснуть. Сон, память текла монотонно как нередактированный симстим-бэнд. Он провёл месяц, пятнадцатый летнего лета, в пансионе на пятом этаже с определённой Марленой. Лифт уже много лет не работал. Кухонные принадлежности скользили по серому фарфору застёкнутого раковины, когда он включал свет. Кейс потирал Марлену на полосатой матраце без постельного белья. Он не успел схватить первую осу, которая прилипла к её серой парящей коже у отшелушивающегося лака на окномной раме. Скоро гнездо достигло размера фуста; насекомые вылетели в узкую улочку и кружили над гниющей содержимостью мусорных баков, как миниатюрные вертолеты. Однажды вечером, они оба выпили дюжину пива, Марлена была укушена осой. — «Убей их!» — сказала она. Её глаза были затуманены гневом, безблестными в жарком помещении. — «Сожги их!» Вопляющий Кейс рыл в заплесневелом шкафу после роликовых драконов. Ролло был бывшим другом Марлены, и, как подозревал тогда Кейс, её случайным, — толстым фанатом моторных велосипедов из Сан-Франциско с окрашенным в блондинку молнией в тёмном гребёнке. Дракон был фрисой из Фризо, толстым и угловатым, как большая лampa. Кейс проверил батарейки, потряс устройство, чтобы убедиться, что в баке достаточно бензина, и вышел к открытому окну. На этаже начался гул. В спроуле воздух был застойным, накапливавшимся. Оса вылетела из гнезда и кружила над его головой. Он нажал на пульт, посчитал до трёх и отпустил рычаг. Газ, сжатый до 7 атю, пролетел мимо белоснежного катушки. Яркая вспышка, пять метров в длину. Сожженное гнездо улетело. Крик с другой стороны улицы. — «Черт!» Марлена за ним, дрожа. — «Идиот! Ты не сожгла его. Только разорвала. Они скоро вернутся и убьют нас!» Её голос нервировал его. Он представлял себе, как она ловит огонь, как её блондинка превращается в ядовито-зелёный дым. В узкой улочке он приблизился к сожжённому гнезду с драконом в руке. Оно было разорвано. Обжигаемые осы изгибались и сворачивались на асфальте. 160

Он увидел, что скрывала серая папка. Ужасное зрелище. Спиральная детская комната с отстущенными рядами ячеек для инкубации, в которых тряслись слепые киферы нерождённых личинок, различные стадии от яйца до личинки, от почти-осы до осы. Его острое зрение делало временные снимки, расшифровывало структуру как биологическое аналог машинного пистолета с коварной совершенностью. Чужеродное. Он нажал на рычаг, забыв предогрев, и бензин распылился над пульсирующим, трясащимся жизнью у его ног. Когда он нажал на пульт, устройство взорвалось глухим ударом. Кейс оторвал одну бровь. Пять этажей выше он слышал смех Марлены через открытое окно. Он проснулся с ощущением угасающего света, но в комнате было темно. Отблески, мерцающие глаза. Вне было рассветное небо, нарисованное ручкой. Никаких голосов больше, только шум воды у подножия интерконтинентального отеля. В своём сне он видел, как перед тем, как залить гнездо бензином, на стороне гнезда был логотип Т-А Тессер-Ашполл, как будто его выгравировали сами осы. Молли настаивала, чтобы он причислил себя к спролу, потому что с его бледной кожей он слишком выделялся, — сказала она. — «Боже мой», — сказал он, стоя перед зеркалом голым, — «ты думаешь, это выглядит реально?» Молли, коленями прижатая к нему, нанесла остаток крема на его левую щёку. — «Нет, но это показывает, что твоё внешность тебе не безразлична. Так. Для ноги у нас больше ничего нет». Она встала. 161
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Шероховатое, темное волосы, коричневые груди, белые зубы в широкой улыбке. Воздух пахл водой реки и цветами. — Да, — сказал он, — много денег. Она повисла с раскачивающимися руками рядом с ним на перилах. — Да. Мы хотели однажды приехать сюда, либо сюда, либо где-то в Европу. — Кто мы? — Она с автоматическим вздохом ответила: — Никто. Ты сказал, что хочешь пойти на ловушку. Спать. Я тоже могу немного поспать. — Да, — сказал Кейс и потирая щеки руками, — здесь можно продержаться. Узкая лента системы Ладо-Ашсон сияла в схематичных цветах заката Бемуда, пронизанных запечатленными обрывками облаков. — Да, спать. Сон не приходил. Когда он наконец настал, он принес с собой сны, которые казались тщательно отредактированными фрагментами памяти. Он неоднократно просыпался рядом свернутой Молли, слыша шум воды и голоса через открытую стеклянную дверь зала консула, смех женщин с террасного жилого комплекса на противоположном склоне. Как плохая карта постоянно возвращалась память о смерти Деана, хотя он сам говорил себе, что это не был именно он. Что это вообще не происходило. Когда-то ему сказали, что объем крови в теле примерно соответствует упаковке пива в банках. Каждый раз, когда изображение измельченного черепа Деана падало на заднюю стену офиса, Кейс замечал другой мысли, что-то темное, скользящее и исчезающее, как рыба. 158

Линда. Дейн. Кровь на стене импортера. Линда. Запах обожженного мяса в мрачной куполе Чибы. Молли с пластиковой сумкой для имбиря, покрытой кровью. Дейн приказал убить её. Зиммут. Кейс представлял себе маленького микроорганизма, который разрывал обломки человека по имени Корто, как бурлящий ручей, или поверхностную подмену личности по имени Армитедж, которая принимала форму в темной палате больницы... Аналоги Деана говорили, что они работают с завершенными фактами, извлекая выгоду из данных ситуаций. Но что, если Дейн, настоящий Дейн, приказал убить Линду по поручению Зиммута? Кейс потушил сигарету и зажёг зажигалку Молли. Нет причины подозревать Деана, — сказал он себе, зажигая. Никакой причины. Зиммут мог ввести личность в пустую оболочку. Как тонко могла быть манипуляция? Он выбросил окурок в ящик для сигарет рядом с кроватью после третьего глотка. Он повернулся к Молли спиной и попытался заснуть. Сон, память бегала монотонно, как неразредимое стим-поле. Он провёл месяц, пятнадцатый летнего лета, в пансионе на пятом этаже с определённой Марлен. Вход уже много лет не работал. Кухонные принадлежности скользили по серому фарфору застёкнутой раковины, когда он включал свет. Кейс и Марлен спали на матрасе без постельного белья. Он не успел поймать первую осу, которая прилипла к её серым волосам, обесцвечивающимся от лака на окне. Скоро гнездо достигло размера фусты; насекомые вылетели в гулкую массу и кружили над разложившейся содержимостью мусорных баков, как миниатюрные вертолеты. Однажды вечером, после того как они выпили дюжину пива, Марлен была ужалена осой. — Убей их! — сказала она. Её глаза были затуманены гневом, безблестными в жарком помещении. — Сожги их! Кейс, будучи пьяным, потряс шкаф в поисках огненной змеи. Огненная змея была прошлым любовником Марлен, Ролло, толстым моторизованным фанатом из Сан-Франциско с окрашенным блондином в тёмном бритвенном стрижке. Змея была фрисой из Фриско, толстой и угловатой, как большая лента для освещения. Кейс проверил батареи, потряс устройство, чтобы убедиться, что в баке достаточно бензина, и вышел к открытому окну. На этаже завыли вентиляторы. 159

В переулке он приблизился к обугленному гнезду с огненной змеей в руке. Оно было разорвано. Обжигаемые осы свернулись и закрутились на асфальте. Он увидел, что скрывала серая бумажная оболочка. Ужасное зрелище. Спиральная детская колыбель с выравненными рядами ячеек для размножения, в которых тряслись слепые киеферы нерожденных, различные стадии от яйца до личинки, от почти-осы до осы. Его острое зрение делало временные снимки этого образования, расшифровывая его как биологическое эквивалентное машинному оружию с коварной совершенностью. Чужеродное. Он нажал на курок, забыв предварительно включить зажигание, и бензин распылился над пульсирующим, трясащимся жизнью у его ног. Когда он нажал на курок, устройство взорвалось глухим ударом. Кейс оторвал одну бровь. На пятом этаже он услышал смех Марлен через открытое окно. Он проснулся с ощущением угасающего света, но в комнате было темно. Отголоски, мерцающие глаза. Вне было рассветное небо, нарисованное на небе. Больше не слышалось никаких голосов, только шум воды у подножия интерконтинентального отеля. В своем сне он видел, как перед тем как залить гнездо бензином, логотип Т-А Тессер-Ашполл на стороне гнезда, как будто его там сами осы вырезали. Молли настаивала на том, чтобы он был похож на нее, потому что с его бледным цветом кожи из спрала, как она говорила, он выделялся. — Боже мой, — сказал он, стоя перед зеркалом голым, — ты думаешь, это действительно работает? — Молли, коленями прижимая его левую щеку, наносила остаток тона на ногу.  — Нет, но это показывает, что тебе не безразлично твое внешнее вид. Так. У нас больше ничего нет для ноги. Она встала. 161
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он выбросил пустую трубку в широкую корзину из соломы. В этой комнате ничего не выглядело как сделанное промышленным способом или из пластика. Дорого, как знал Кейс. Несмотря на то, что он никогда не мог приобщиться к такому стилю. Пена для матраца на огромной кровати выглядела через цвет как песок. Было много светлого дерева и ручного ткацкого полотна. — Что с тобой? — сказал он. — Ты тоже загарилась? Не выглядишь так, будто проводишь весь день на солнце. — Она была одета в черную шелк и черные эспадрильи. — Я экзотика. У меня даже широкая соломенная шляпа. А ты хочешь выглядеть как дешевый ловелас, который берет то, что получает, поэтому временный загар уже вполне приемлем. Кейс с отвращением посмотрел на свой бледный ног и затем рассматривал себя в зеркале. — Боже мой. Что, если я надеваю что-то? — Он подошел к кровати и надел свои джинсы. — Хорошо спалось? Видел свет? — Она ответила: — Снился сон. Они завтракали на крыше отеля, своего рода луг, усеянный зонтиками с полосатыми солнечными зонтами и слишком большим количеством деревьев, как считал Кейс. Он рассказал ей о своей попытке взломать ИИ в Берне. Вся проблема неудачи казалась ему академической. Если Армитедж их прослушивал, то через Зиммут. — И это правда? — спросила она, положив кусок сыра-кроссанта в рот. — Как Симстим? — Он кивнул. — Совсем как это здесь, — добавил он и посмотрел вокруг. — Возможно даже более подлинно. Деревья были маленькими, шершавыми, невозможного возраста, результатом генетической манипуляции и химического воздействия. Кейсу было бы трудно отличить сосну от ели, но инстинкт уличного мальчика сказал ему, что эти экземпляры слишком милы и явно выглядят как деревья. Между деревьями на мягких, нежно-зеленых холмах, чья неровность казалась спланированной, светлые зонтики обеспечивали тень гостям отеля от постоянно сияющего солнца Ладо-Ачесона. Французский разговор за соседним столом привлек его внимание: золотые дети, которых он видел накануне вечером, летящие на драконах над грязью реки. Теперь он заметил, что их загар был неравномерным, эффект шаблона, вызванный селективным увеличением меланина, при котором различные тона накладывались в прямолинейных узорах, и мышцы выделялись и сверкали. Маленькие твердые груди девушки, запястье мальчика на белом эмалированном столе. Они напоминали Кейсу гоночные машины; они заслуживали наклейки от своего парикмахера, дизайнера их белых парусиных костюмов, создателя их кожаных сандалий и простого украшения. За другим столом сидели три японские жены в мешковатых халатах из Хиросимы, ожидающие своих мужей-самураев. Овальные лица были искусственно окрашены; стиль, как он знал, чрезвычайно консервативный, которого он редко видел в Чибе. — Что здесь пахнет? — спросил он Молли и прищурился. — Трава. Воняет так, когда только срезана. — Армитедж и Ривьера присоединились к ним, пока они выпивали кофе; Армитедж в идеально подогнанной камуфляжной форме, которая казалась, как будто полосатую форму только что сняли, а Ривьера в широком сером креповом костюме, который вызывал странное впечатление от тюрьмы для животных. — Молли, дорогая, — сказал Ривьера, как только он сел на стул, — мне нужно, чтобы ты приготовила новую порцию моего лекарства. У меня ничего нет. — И если я не хочу? — сказала она и улыбнулась, не показывая зубов. — Ты должна, — сказал Ривьера, бросив взгляд на Армитедж. — Дай ему это! — сказал Армитедж. — Он в этом без ума, — она вытащила плоский свернутый в фольгу пакет из кармана и бросила его через стол. Ривьера поймал его. — Может, с этим он и умрет, — сказала она Армитеджу. — Сегодня днем мне нужно попробовать, и быть в лучшей форме. Он скрыл пакет в ладони своей креповой рубашки и улыбнулся. Маленькие блестящие насекомые взлетели из него и рассеялись. Он положил пакет в карман своего крепового блейзера. — У тебя тоже есть проба, Кейс, сегодня днем, — сказал Армитедж. — На буксире. Немедленно пойди в мастерскую, подгони себе вакуумный костюм и потом отправляйся на буксире! У тебя примерно три часа. — Почему мы едем на старом молочном заводе, а вы оба берете такси JAL? — спросил Кейс, не глядя на Армитедж. — Зион предложил использовать буксир. Хорошая маскировка для наших движений. Я даже подготовил более крупный корабль, но этот буксир тоже подойдет. — А у меня будет работа сегодня? — спросила Молли. — Ты пойдешь в конец оси и будешь тренироваться в нулевой гравитации. Завтра ты, возможно, сможешь подняться в другую сторону. — Светлый луч, — подумал Кейс. — Когда? — спросил он у лица, которое смотрело на него неподвижно. — Скоро, — ответил Армитедж. — Иди, Кейс! — сказал Мэлком, помогая Кейсу вылезти из красного вакуумного костюма. — Эйрол передал мне доставку от Вавилона для тебя; милый японский парень в яхте, очень красивой яхте. — Освобожденный от костюма, Кейс осторожно надел сетчатые ремни и сел в кабину буксира. — Ну, давай посмотрим, что у нас есть. Мэлком представил белое, почти головной размер поролонное упаковочное бündel, вытащил складной нож с перловым рукояткой из зеленой нейлоновой ленты на поясе его потрепанных джинсов и разрезал пластик. Он достал прямоугольный предмет, который передал Кейсу. — Это от оружия, да? — спросил Кейс, переворачивая предмет. — Но это оружие. Вирус. — Не на этом хорошем буксире, — энергично сказал Мэлком и схватил стальную кассету. — Программа. Вирусная программа. Она не может попасть в тебя.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He threw the empty tube into the broad wicker basket. Nothing in this room seemed industrially made or of plastic. Expensive, Case knew. Yet he had never been able to warm to this style. The temper foam on the giant bed looked like sand through its colour. There was a lot of light wood and hand-woven fabric. "What’s with you?" he said. "Are you tanning too? You don't look like someone who's been sunbathing all day." She wore black silk and black espadrilles. "I'm an exotic," she said, "and I have a wide straw hat to match." You, on the other hand, want to look like a cheap hooker who takes what she can get, so that temporary tan is just fine." Case glared at his pale foot and then looked at himself in the mirror. "Goddamn," he muttered. "What am I supposed to wear?" He went to the bed and slipped into his jeans. "Did you sleep well? Did you see any light?" "I had a dream," she answered, chewing on her croissant.  Case told her about his attempt to crack AI in Bern. The whole question of failure seemed academically worn. If Armitage was listening, then through Wintermute. "And was it real?" she asked, mouth full of cheese croissant. "Like Simstim?" He nodded. "Just like that," he added and looked around. "Maybe even more so." The trees were small, gnarled, impossible to be old, the result of genetic manipulation and chemical treatment. Case would have been in trouble if he had to tell a pine from an oak, but his street-smart sense told him these specimens were too cute, too obviously tree-like.  Between the trees, on gentle, sweetly green hills whose irregularity seemed planned, sun umbrellas cast shadows for hotel guests from the relentless light of the Acheson-Lado sun. French chatter at a nearby table piqued his curiosity: the golden children he had seen flying kites over the misty river the night before. Now he noticed their tan was uneven, a stencil effect caused by selective melanin enhancement where different tones overlapped in straight lines and muscles shone through. The girl's small firm breasts, a boy's forearm on the white enameled table. They looked like race cars to Case; they deserved stickers from their hairdresser, from the designer of their white sailcloth outfit, from the creator of their leather sandals and simple jewelry. Behind them sat three Japanese wives in sack cloth from Hiroshima waiting for their sarari men—oval faces artificially tanned; a very conservative style, as he knew, that he rarely saw in Chiba.  "What's that smell?" Case asked Molly, wrinkling his nose.  "Grass," she answered. "The way it smells when freshly mown." Armitage and Riviera joined them just as they finished their coffee; Armitage in a tailored khaki uniform that looked like the regimental stripes had just been torn off, Riviera in a wide gray crepe suit that perversely reminded him of a zoo keeper's outfit.  "Molly, darling," Riviera said, settling into his chair, "I need you to give me a new dose of my medicine. I've run out."  "And if I don't want to?" Molly smiled without showing her teeth.  "You have to," Riviera said, giving Armitage a short look.  "Give it to him!" Armitage ordered.  She took a flat package wrapped in foil from her pocket and threw it across the table. Riviera caught it. "Could kill you with that," she told Armitage.  "I need to try out later today," Riviera said, "and be in top shape." He vanished the foil packet into the palm of his upturned hand and smiled. Tiny glistening insects fluttered from it and dissolved. He slipped the package into the pocket of his crepe blouse.  "You've got a sample too, Case, later today," Armitage said. "On the trawler. You go right over to the pro shop, get yourself a vacuum suit fitted, and then head out on the trawler! You've got about three hours."  "Why are we taking the old mill while you both take a JAL taxi?" Case asked without looking at Armitage.  "Zion suggested we use the trawler," Armitage explained. "Good cover for our movements. I even have a bigger ship ready, but this one will do."  "What about me? Is there work for me today?" Molly asked.  "You head up to the other end of the axis and practice in zero-g," Armitage said. "Tomorrow you might be able to climb in the opposite direction."   Case thought: Straylight.  "When?" he asked, looking at Armitage's staring face.  "Soon," Armitage answered. "Get going, Case!"  "You're doing great, you are," Maelcum said as he helped Case out of the red vacuum suit. "Aerol says you're doing great." Aerol had been waiting at one of the sports ramps at the end of the spindle near the weightless axis. To get there, Case had ridden down a lift to the hull and then changed into a miniature induction suit. As the diameter of the spindle decreased, so did the gravitational force; somewhere above him, he estimated, were the tracks Molly had climbed, the velodrome for kite flyers, and mini-microlight launch ramps.  Aerol had transferred him to a skeletal roller with chemical propulsion.  "Two hours ago," Maelcum said, "I took on a delivery from Babylon for you; a nice Japanese boy in a yacht, a really nice yacht."  Free of the suit, Case carefully pulled himself over the Hosaka and slipped into the net harness. "Well, let's see what we've got here."  Maelcum presented a white, almost head-sized foam bundle, hooked up a spring knife with a pearl-handled grip on a green nylon string from his tattered jeans' hip pocket, and sliced open the plastic visibly. He removed a rectangular object which he handed to Case. "Is this part of a cannon?"  "No," Case said, turning the object over. "But it's a weapon. A virus."  "Not on this good trawler," Maelcum exclaimed energetically and grabbed the steel cassette. "A program. Virus program. Can't be in you...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Rein, nicht mal in deine Software. Ich muss es über das Deck interfassen, bevor ich damit anfangen kann."

"Der Japaner, der da ist, hat gesagt, Hosaka klärt dir das ganze Wie und Warum."

"Gut. So, und jetzt lass mich machen, okay?"

Maelcum stieß sich ab, schwebte an der Steuerkonsole vorbei und begann mit einer Dichtungskarte zu hantieren. Case warf einen Blick von den wehenden Fäden der transparenten Dichtmasse ab. Er konnte es nicht erklären, aber irgendwie machte das Zeug sein SAS schlimmer.

"Was ist das?", fragte er Hosaka, "ist das Paket für mich?"

"Verschlüsselter Datentransfer von Bockris Systems GmbH, Frankfurt", antwortete Hosaka, "die Sendung enthält das Penetrationsprogramm Kuang Grade Mark 11. Bockris teilt weiter mit, dass das Interface kompatibel mit Ono-Sendai Kyberspace 7 ist und optimale Penetrationsmöglichkeiten bietet, insbesondere in Bezug auf bestehende Militärsysteme..."

"Und eine KI?", fragte Case.

"Bestehende Militärsysteme und künstliche Intelligenz."

"Wow. Wie hast du das genannt?"

"Kuang Grade Mark 11."

"Chinesisch?"

"Ja."

Case befestigte das Virusprogramm mit silbernem Klebeband an der Seite von Hosaka, während ihm Molly's Geschichte von ihrem Tag in Macao in den Sinn kam. Am Nachmittag hatte sie die Grenze nach Zhongshan überquert.

"An", sagte er plötzlich umgedacht. "Frage: Wer gehört Bockris, das Unternehmen in Frankfurt?"

"Bitte warten. Interorbital-Übertragung", antwortete Hosaka.


...

"Codieren. Standard Commercial Code."

"Erledigt." Er klopfte mit den Händen auf die Ono-Sendai.

"Reinhold Scientific AG, Bern."

"Nochmal. Wer gehört Reinhold?"

Drei weitere Schritte waren nötig, bis er bei Tessier-Ashpool ankam.

"Dixie", sagte er beim Anstecken, "weißt du etwas über chinesische Virusprogramme?"

"Nicht gerade eine Menge."

"Hast du schon mal von einem Gradientensystem wie Kuang Mark 11 gehört?"

"Nein."

Case seufzte. "Nun, ich habe hier einen bedienerfreundlichen chinesischen Eisbrecher, einzelne Kassetten... Einige Leute in Frankfurt behaupten, er könnte eine KI knacken."

"Sicher. Mögliche Sache, wenn es militärisch ist."

"So sieht es aus. Lass mir das erzählen und hilf mir mit deinem Hintergrundwissen, okay? Armitage plant anscheinend etwas mit einer KI, die Tessier-Ashpool gehört. Der Hauptcomputer steht in Bern, aber er ist mit einem anderen in Rio verbunden. Das in Rio ist das, was dich hirntot gemacht hat beim ersten Mal. Es sieht also so aus, als würde die Verbindung über Straylight laufen, die Heimatbasis von T-A am Ende der Spindel, und wir sollten uns Zugang zum chinesischen Eisbrecher verschaffen. Wenn Wintermute hinter der ganzen Sache steckt, bezahlt er uns dafür, an das Ding heranzukommen."

...

"Das Motiv", sagte die Konstruktion, "das Motiv ist wirklich ein Problem bei einer KI. Nicht menschlich, verstehst du?"

"Ja, klar."

"Nein. Ich meine, eine KI ist kein Mensch. Und du bekommst sie nicht richtig in den Griff. Ich bin auch kein Mensch, aber ich reagiere zumindest wie einer, verstehst du?"

"Moment mal", sagte Case, "bist du fühlend oder nicht?"

"Nun, im Sinne meines Empfangs schon, Junge, aber eigentlich bin ich nur ein Haufen ROM."

...

Case starrte auf die rosa Sphären von Sikkim. "Okay", sagte er schließlich, "ich lade das Virus runter. Schau dir seine Befehlsstruktur an und sag mir deine Meinung dazu." Das unbestimmte Gefühl, dass jemand über seine Schulter schaute, verschwand für eine Weile und kehrte zurück.

"Heißes Zeug, Case", sagte die Konstruktion, "es ist ein langsames Virus. Es braucht schätzungsweise sechs Stunden, um ein militärisches Ziel zu knacken."

"Oder eine KI."

Er seufzte. "Können wir das Ding abschalten?"

"Sicher", antwortete die Konstruktion, "solange du keine panische Angst vor dem Tod hast."

...

Molly schlief, als er ins Intercontinental zurückkehrte. Er setzte sich auf den Balkon und beobachtete einen Mikrolicht mit regenbogenfarbenen, polymeren Flügeln, der die Wölbung von Freeside hinaufjagte und seinen dreieckigen Schatten auf Wiesen und Dächer warf; schließlich verschwand es hinter dem Band des Lado-Acheson-Systems.

"Ich will abheben", sagte er zum blauen Kunsthimmel. "Ich will eine volle Entgiftung, verstehst du? Verkrampfte Bauchspeicheldrüse, Stöpsel in der Leber, Scheißkapseln, die schmelzen... Ich will abheben."

Er ging, ohne Molly zu wecken, wie er glaubte. Die Linsen waren ihm nie sicher. Er schüttelte die Verspannung aus seinen Gliedern und stieg in den Aufzug. Er fuhr mit einer Italienerin in makellosem Weiß nach oben. Wangen und Nase waren matt schwarz gepudert. Ihre weißen Nylonschuhe hatten genagelte Sohlen. Das teuer aussehende Ding in ihrer Hand glich einer Kreuzung aus Miniaturpaddel und orthopädischer Schiene. Sie schien auf dem Weg zu irgendeinem schnellen Ballspiel zu sein, das Case nicht kannte.

Auf der Dachwiese bahnte er sich einen Weg durch den Baum- und Sonnenschirmwald und fand einen Schwimmbad. Nackte Körper glänzten auf den türkisfarbenen Fliesen. Er trat unter die Schatten einer Markise und drückte seinen Chip gegen eine dunkle Glasplatte.

"Sushi", sagte er, "oder so was." Zehn Minuten später kam ein eifriger chinesischer Kellner mit seinem Essen. Er kaute rohen Thunfisch und Reis und beobachtete die Leute beim Bräunen.

"Herrgott", sagte er zu seinem Thunfisch, "ich werde verrückt."

"Sag's nicht", meinte jemand, "ich weiß es schon lange. Du bist ein Gangster, oder?"

Er blickte auf, blinzelte in die Sonnenstrahlen. Langer, jugendlicher Körper, mit melaninverstärkter Bräune, aber nicht im Pariser Stil. Sie setzte sich neben ihn; Wasser tropfte auf die Fliesen.

"Cath", sagte er. Er wartete eine Weile. "Lupus."

"Was für ein Name?", fragte sie.

"Griechisch", antwortete er.

"Bist du wirklich ein Gangster?"

Der Melaninstoß hatte die Bildung von Sommersprossen nicht verhindert.

"Ein Junkie, Cath."

"Welcher Art?"

"Stimulanzien. Stimulanzien fürs zentrale Nervensystem."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Rein, nicht mal in deine Software. Ich muss es über das Deck interfizieren, bevor ich damit anfangen kann."

"Der Japaner, der da ist, hat gesagt, Hosaka wird dir alles darüber erklären, wie und warum."

"Gut. Also, und jetzt lässt du mich machen, okay?"

Maelcum stieß sich ab, schwebte an der Steuerkonsole vorbei und begann mit einer Dichtungskarte zu hantieren. Case lenkte seinen Blick von den wehenden Fäden der transparenten Dichtmasse ab. Er konnte es nicht erklären, aber irgendwie machte das Zeug sein SAS schlimmer.

"Was ist das?", fragte er Hosaka, "ist das Paket für mich?"

"Verschlüsselter Datentransfer von Bockris Systems GmbH, Frankfurt", antwortete Hosaka, "es enthält das Penetrationsprogramm Kuang Grade Mark 11. Bockris teilt weiter mit, dass das Interface kompatibel mit Ono-Sendai Kyberspace 7 ist und optimale Penetrationsmöglichkeiten bietet, insbesondere in Bezug auf bestehende Militärsysteme..."

"Und eine KI?", fragte Case.

"Bestehende Militärsysteme und künstliche Intelligenz."

"Wow. Wie hast du das genannt?"

"Kuang Grade Mark 11."

"Chinesisch?"

"Ja."

Case befestigte das Virusprogramm mit silbernem Klebeband an der Seite von Hosaka, während ihm Mollys Geschichte von ihrem Tag in Macao wieder einfiel. Am Nachmittag hatte sie die Grenze nach Zhongshan überquert.

"An", sagte er plötzlich umgedacht. "Frage: Wer gehört Bockris, das Unternehmen in Frankfurt?"

"Bitte warten. Interorbital-Übertragung", antwortete Hosaka.


... (der Text setzt sich fort) ...

"Codieren. Standard Commercial Code."

"Erledigt." Er klopfte mit den Händen auf die Ono-Sendai.

"Reinhold Scientific AG, Bern."

"Nochmal. Wer gehört Reinhold?"

Drei weitere Schritte waren nötig, bis Case auf Tessier-Ashpool stieß.

"Dixie", sagte er beim Einsetzen, "weißt du etwas über chinesische Virusprogramme?"

"Nicht gerade eine Menge."

"Hast du schon mal von einem Gradientensystem wie Kuang Mark 11 gehört?"

"Nein."

Case seufzte. "Nun, ich habe hier einen bedienerfreundlichen chinesischen Eisbrecher, einzelne Kassetten. Einige Leute in Frankfurt behaupten, er könnte eine KI knacken."

"Sicher. Mögliche Sache, wenn es militärisch ist."

"So scheint es. Lass mir das erzählen, Dix, und hilf mir mit deinem Hintergrundwissen, okay? Armitage plant anscheinend etwas mit einer KI, die Tessier-Ashpool gehört. Der Hauptrechner steht in Bern, aber er ist mit einem anderen in Rio verbunden. Das in Rio ist das, was dich hirntot gemacht hat beim ersten Mal. Es sieht also so aus, als würde die Verbindung über Straylight laufen, die Heimatbasis von T-A am Ende der Spindel, und wir sollten uns Zugang zum chinesischen Eisbrecher verschaffen. Wenn Wintermute hinter der ganzen Sache steckt, bezahlt er uns dafür, an das Ding heranzukommen. Und an ihn selbst."

... (der Text setzt sich fort) ...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Stem. Superstarke Stimulanzien fürs zentrale Nervensystem. „Nun, hast du welche?“ Sie beugte sich näher. Chlorwasser tröpfelte auf sein Hosenbein. „Nein, das ist mein Problem, Cath. Weißt du, wo wir was kriegen können?“ Cath wippte auf den braunen Fersen und leckte an einer brünetten Haarsträhne, die an ihrem Mund klebte. „Auf was stehst du?“ „Nicht auf Coke, nicht auf Amphetamin. Muss powern, echt powern.“ Und das war's dann, dachte er wehmütig, aber lächelte ihretwegen. „Betaphenethylamin“, sagte sie. „Kein Problem, aber geht auf deinen Chip.“ „Du spinnst“, sagte Caths Partner und Zimmergenosse, als Case das Besondere an seiner Bauchspeicheldrüse aus Chiba erläuterte. „Ich meine, kannst du sie nicht verklagen oder so? Auf Kunstfehler?“ Der Typ hieß Bruce und glich Cath wie eine männliche Zwillingsversion bis zur letzten Sommersprosse. „Nun“, sagte Case, „das ist halt so'ne Sache, verstehst du? Gewebeverträglichkeit und so.“ Aber schon wurden Bruces Augen dumpf vor Langeweile. Hat die Aufmerksamkeitsspanne einer Mücke, dachte Case, die braunen Augen studierend. Ihr Zimmer war kleiner als das von Molly und Case und lag in einem tieferen Stockwerk. Fünf riesige Chi-ba-Chromotypien von Tally Isham klebten an der gläsernen Balkontür und deuteten auf einen längeren Aufenthalt hin. „Echt affengeil, was?“ fragte Cath, als sie sah, dass er die transparenten Bilder betrachtete. „Von mir. In der S/N-Pyramide aufgenommen, als wir das letzte Mal den Schacht runtergingen. War so nahe und lächelte so na 171

natürlich. Und es war schlimm dort, Lupus. Am Tag davor hatten die Christkönig-Terroristen Engel ins Leitungswasser gekippt, weißt du?“ „Ja“, sagte Case, plötzlich nervös, „schlimme Sache.“ „So“, fügte Bruce hinzu, „zum Beta, das du kaufen willst...“ „Die Frage ist, ob's mein Stoffwechsel umsetzen kann?“ Case zog die Brauen hoch. „Ich sag dir was“, meinte der Typ. „Probier's einfach! Wenn's deine Bauchspeicheldrüse durchläßt, geht's auf die Rechnung des Hauses. Das erste Mal kostet nichts.“ „Den Spruch kenn ich“, sagte Case und nahm das hellblaue Derm in Empfang, das Bruce ihm über die schwarze Bettdecke zusteckte. „Case?“ Molly setzte sich im Bett auf und schüttelte sich die Haare aus den Linsen. „Wer sonst, Süße?“ „Was ist in dich gefahren?“ Die Linsen folgten ihm durchs Zimmer. „Hab vergessen, wie man es ausspricht“, sagte er, während er einen fest zusammengerollten, in durchsichtigem Plastik verpackten Streifen blauer Derms aus seiner Hemdtasche zog. „Herrgott“, sagte sie, „das hat uns gerade noch gefehlt.“ „Ein selten wahres Wort.“ „Kaum lass ich dich für zwei Stunden aus den Augen, holst du dir Dope.“ Sie schüttelte den Kopf. „Ich hoffe, du bist bereit für unser großes Dinner mit Armitage heut' Abend. In diesem 20. Jahrhundert-Laden. Wir werden auch sehen, wie Riviera seine Action rüberbringt.“ „Ja“, sagte Case und streckte seinen Rücken. Sein Mund war zur verzückten Grinse erstarrt. „Wunderbar.“ „Mann“, sagte sie, „falls das Zeug, das du dir reingezogen hast, durch die Sperre kommt, die sie dir in Chiba eingebaut haben, wirst du mächtig durchhängen, wenn die Wirkung nachlässt.“ „Motz motz motz“, sagte er und schnallte seinen Gürtel auf. „Horror, Terror. Alles, was ich je zu hören gekriegt habe.“ Er zog seine Jeans aus, das Hemd, die Unterhose. „Ich finde, du solltest so viel Verstand haben, meinen unnatürlichen Zustand auszunützen.“ Er blickte an sich hinab. 172

„Ich meine, sieh dir den unnatürlichen Zustand an!“ Sie lachte. „Wird nicht lange dauern.“ „Und ob“, sagte er und kletterte auf den sandfarbenen Temperschaum, „das ist ja das Unnatürliche daran.“ „Case, was fehlt dir denn?“ fragte Armitage, als der Kellner sie an seinen Tisch im Vingtième Siècle führte. Es war das kleinste und teuerste von mehreren schwimmenden Restaurants auf einem kleinen See in der Nähe des Intercontinental. Case schauderte. Bruce hatte mit keinem Wort Nachwirkungen erwähnt. Er versuchte, ein Glas Eiswasser zu heben, aber seine Hände zitterten zu stark. „Hab vielleicht was Verkehrtes gegessen.“ „Ich möchte, dass du dich von einem Arzt untersuchen lässt“, sagte Armitage. „Nur so 'ne Histaminreaktion“, log Case. „Krieg ich manchmal auf Reisen; andere Küche und so.“ Armitage trug einen dunklen Anzug, der zu förmlich für den Laden wirkte, und ein weißes Seidenhemd. Sein Goldarmband rasselte, als er sein Weinglas hob und trank. „Hab für euch bestellt“, sagte er. Molly und Armitage aßen schweigend, während Case fahrig an seinem Steak herumstocherte, es in handliche Bissen zersägte, die er nicht aß, sondern in der dicken Sauce hin und her schob; schließlich stieß er den Teller weg. „Herrje“, sagte Molly, die alles aufgegessen hatte, „mir her. Weißt du, was das kostet?“ Sie nahm seinen Teller. „Müssen ein ganzes Tier jahrelang mästen und dann schlachten. Ist kein Laborzeug.“ Sie spießte einen Bissen auf die Gabel und kaute. „Keinen Hunger“, brachte Case mit Mühe hervor. Sein Hirn war tiefgefroren. Nein, es war, wie er fand, in eine Friteuse gesteckt worden; das heiße Fett war abgekühlt und bildete eine dicke, wächserne Schicht um die runzligen Lappen, durch die grünlich-rote, schmerzende Blitze zuckten.  „Du siehst verdammt schlecht aus“, meinte Molly unbekümmert. Case probierte den Wein. Durch das Betaphenethylamin schmeckte er wie Jodtinktur. Die Beleuchtung wurde gedämpft. 173

„Le Restaurant Vingtième Siècle“, verkündete eine körperlose Stimme mit ausgeprägtem Sprawl-Akzent, „präsentiert stolz das holographische Cabaret von Mr. Peter Riviera.“ Vereinzelter Applaus von den anderen Tischen. Ein Kellner zündete eine Kerze an und stellte sie in die Mitte ihres Tisches, woraufhin er das Geschirr abräumte. Bald flackerte auf jedem der ein Dutzend Tische im Restaurant eine Kerze. Die Gläser wurden nachgefüllt. „Was passiert jetzt?“ fragte Case Armitage, der keine Antwort gab. Molly stocherte mit burgunderroten Nägeln in ihren Zähnen herum. „Guten Abend“, sagte Riviera, der auf einer kleinen Bühne am anderen Ende des Restaurants erschien. Case blinzelte. In seinem Elend war ihm die Bühne gar nicht aufgefallen. Er hatte nicht gesehen, woher Riviera kam. Ein schimmernder Rubin schien auf der Handfläche seiner nach oben gekehrten Rechten zu erscheinen. Er ließ ihn fallen. Eine graue Taube flatterte auf von der Stelle, wo er aufschlug und entschwand in die Schatten. Jemand stieß einen Pfiff aus. Mehr Applaus. „Das Werk heißt Die Puppe.“ Riviera senkte die Hände. „Ich möchte die heutige Premiere Lady 3Jane Ma- rie-France Tessier-Ashpool widmen.“ Höflicher Applaus. Als er verklungen war, schien Rivieras Blick zu ihrem Tisch zu wandern. „Und einer anderen Dame.“ Die Restaurantbeleuchtung ging kurz aus, so dass nur noch die Kerzen brannten. Rivieras holographische Aura war mit dem Licht verblaßt, aber Case konnte ihn noch sehen, wie er mit gebeugtem Kopf dastand. Allmählich formierten sich schwache Lichtzeilen, vertikal und horizontal, und bildeten einen offenen Würfel um die Bühne. Gedämpftes Licht ging im Restaurant an. Das Gerüst, das die Bühne umgab, erweckte den Raum zum Leben.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Stem. Superstarke Stimulanzien fürs zentrale Nervensystem. „Nun, hast du welche?“ Sie beugte sich näher. Chlorwasser tröpfelte auf sein Hosenbein. „Nein, das ist mein Problem, Cath. Weißt du, wo wir was kriegen können?“ Cath wippte auf den braunen Fersen und leckte an einer brünetten Haarsträhne, die an ihrem Mund klebte. „Auf was stehst du?“ „Nicht auf Coke, nicht auf Amphetamin. Muss powern, echt powern.“ Und das war's dann, dachte er wehmütig, aber lächelte ihretwegen. „Betaphenethylamin“, sagte sie. „Kein Problem, aber geht auf deinen Chip.“ „Du spinnst“, sagte Caths Partner und Zimmergenosse, als Case das Besondere an seiner Bauchspeicheldrüse aus Chiba erläuterte. „Ich meine, kannst du sie nicht verklagen oder so? Auf Kunstfehler?“ Der Typ hieß Bruce und glich Cath wie eine männliche Zwillingsversion bis zur letzten Sommersprosse. „Nun“, sagte Case, „das ist halt so'ne Sache, verstehst du? Gewebeverträglichkeit und so.“ Aber schon wurden Bruces Augen dumpf vor Langeweile. Hat die Aufmerksamkeitsspanne einer Mücke, dachte Case, die braunen Augen studierend. Ihr Zimmer war kleiner als das von Molly und Case und lag in einem tieferen Stockwerk. Fünf riesige Chi-ba-Chromotypien von Tally Isham klebten an der gläsernen Balkontür und deuteten auf einen längeren Aufenthalt hin. „Echt affengeil, was?“ fragte Cath, als sie sah, dass er die transparenten Bilder betrachtete. „Von mir. In der S/N-Pyramide aufgenommen, als wir das letzte Mal den Schacht runtergingen. War so nahe und lächelte so na171

türlich. Und es war schlimm dort, Lupus. Am Tag davor hatten die Christkönig-Terroristen Engel ins Leitungswasser gekippt, weißt du?“ „Ja“, sagte Case, plötzlich nervös, „schlimme Sache.“ „So“, fügte Bruce ein, „zum Beta, das du kaufen willst...“ „Die Frage ist, ob's mein Stoffwechsel umsetzen kann?“ Case zog die Brauen hoch. „Ich sag dir was“, meinte der Typ. „Probier's einfach! Wenn's deine Bauchspeicheldrüse durchläßt, geht's auf die Rechnung des Hauses. Das erste Mal kostet nichts.“ „Den Spruch kenn ich“, sagte Case und nahm das hellblaue Derm in Empfang, das Bruce ihm über die schwarze Bettdecke zusteckte. „Case?“ Molly setzte sich im Bett auf und schüttelte sich die Haare aus den Linsen. „Wer sonst, Süße?“ „Was ist in dich gefahren?“ Die Linsen folgten ihm durchs Zimmer. „Hab vergessen, wie man es ausspricht“, sagte er, während er einen fest zusammengerollten, in durchsichtiges Plastik verpackten Streifen blauer Derms aus seiner Hemdtasche zog. „Herrgott“, sagte sie, „das hat uns gerade noch gefehlt.“ „Ein selten wahres Wort.“ „Kaum lass ich dich für zwei Stunden aus den Augen, holst du dir Dope.“ Sie schüttelte den Kopf. „Ich hoffe, du bist bereit für unser großes Dinner mit Armitage heut' Abend. In diesem 20. Jahrhundert-Laden. Wir werden auch sehen, wie Riviera seine Action rüberbringt.“ „Ja“, sagte Case und streckte seinen Rücken. Sein Mund war zur verzückten Grinse erstarrt. „Wunderbar.“ „Mann“, sagte sie, „falls das Zeug, das du dir reingegezogen hast, durch die Sperre kommt, die sie dir in Chiba eingebaut haben, wirst du mächtig durchhängen, wenn die Wirkung nachlässt.“ „Motz motz motz“, sagte er und schnallte seinen Gürtel auf. „Horror, Terror. Alles, was ich je zu hören gekriegt habe.“ Er zog seine Jeans aus, das Hemd, die Unterhose. „Ich finde, du solltest so viel Verstand haben, meinen unnatürlichen Zustand auszunutzen.“ Er blickte an sich hinab. „Ich meine, sieh dir den unnatürlichen Zustand an!“ Sie lachte. „Wird nicht lange dauern.“ „Und ob“, sagte er und kletterte auf den sandfarbenen Temperschaum, „das ist ja das Unnatürliche daran.“11

„Case, was fehlt dir denn?“ fragte Armitage, als der Kellner sie an ihren Tisch im Vingtième Siècle führte. Es war das kleinste und teuerste von mehreren schwimmenden Restaurants auf einem kleinen See in der Nähe des Intercontinental. Case schauderte. Bruce hatte mit keinem Wort Nachwirkungen erwähnt. Er versuchte, ein Glas Eiswasser zu heben, aber seine Hände zitterten zu stark. „Hab vielleicht was Falsches gegessen.“ „Ich möchte, dass du dich von einem Arzt untersuchen lässt“, sagte Armitage. „Nur so 'ne Histaminreaktion“, log Case. „Krieg ich manchmal auf Reisen; andere Küche und so.“ Armitage trug einen dunklen Anzug, der zu förmlich für den Laden wirkte, und ein weißes Seidenhemd. Sein Goldarmband rasselte, als er sein Weinglas hob und trank. „Hab für euch bestellt“, sagte er.

Molly und Armitage aßen schweigend, während Case fahrig an seinem Steak herumstocherte, es in handliche Bissen zersägte, die er nicht aß, sondern in der dicken Sauce hin und her schob; schließlich stieß er den Teller weg. „Herrje“, sagte Molly, die alles aufgegessen hatte, „mir her. Weißt du, was das kostet?“ Sie nahm seinen Teller. „Müssen ein ganzes Tier jahrelang mästen und dann schlachten. Ist kein Laborzeug.“ Sie spießte einen Bissen auf die Gabel und kaute.

„Keinen Hunger“, brachte Case mit Mühe hervor. Sein Hirn war tiefgefroren. Nein, es war, wie er fand, in eine Friteuse gesteckt worden; das heiße Fett war abgekühlt und bildete eine dicke, wächserne Schicht um die runzligen Lappen, durch die grünlich-rote, schmerzende Blitze zuckten.

„Du siehst verdammt schlecht aus“, meinte Molly unbekümmert. Case probierte den Wein. Durch das Betaphenethylamin schmeckte er wie Jodtinktur. Die Beleuchtung wurde gedämpft.

„Le Restaurant Vingtième Siècle“, verkündete eine körperlose Stimme mit ausgeprägtem Sprawl-Akzent, „präsentiert stolz das holographische Cabaret von Mr. Peter Riviera.“ Vereinzelter Applaus von den anderen Tischen. Ein Kellner zündete eine Kerze an und stellte sie in die Mitte ihres Tisches, woraufhin er das Geschirr abräumte. Bald flackerte auf jedem der ein Dutzend Tische im Restaurant eine Kerze. Die Gläser wurden nachgefüllt.

„Was passiert jetzt?“ fragte Case Armitage, der keine Antwort gab. Molly stocherte mit burgunderroten Nägeln in ihren Zähnen herum. „Guten Abend“, sagte Riviera, der auf einer kleinen Bühne am anderen Ende des Restaurants erschien. Case blinzelte. In seinem Elend war ihm die Bühne gar nicht aufgefallen. Er hatte nicht gesehen, woher Riviera kam.

„Heute abend möchte ich ein längeres Stück für Sie darbieten. Ein neues Werk“, sagte Riviera mit leuchtenden Augen. Ein schimmernder Rubin schien auf der Handfläche seiner nach oben gekehrten Rechten zu erscheinen. Er ließ ihn fallen. Eine graue Taube flatterte auf von der Stelle, wo er aufschlug und verschwand in die Schatten. Jemand stieß einen Pfiff aus. Mehr Applaus.

„Das Werk heißt Die Puppe.“ Riviera senkte die Hände. „Ich möchte die heutige Premiere Lady 3Jane Ma- rie-France Tessier-Ashpool widmen.“ Höflicher Applaus. Als er verklungen war, schien Rivieras Blick zu ihrem Tisch zu wandern. „Und einer anderen Dame.“

Die Restaurantbeleuchtung ging kurz aus, so dass nur noch die Kerzen brannten. Rivieras holographische Aura war mit dem Licht verblaßt, aber Case konnte ihn noch sehen, wie er mit gebeugtem Kopf dastand. Allmählich formierten sich schwache Lichtzeilen, vertikal und horizontal, und bildeten einen offenen Würfel um die Bühne. Gedämpftes Licht ging im Restaurant an. Das Gerüst, das die Bühne umgab, erweckte den Raum zum Leben.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
An impression that consists of frozen moonbeams. With his head bowed, eyes closed, arms stiff by his side, Riviera shivered with intense concentration. Suddenly, the ghostly cube filled up, becoming a room lacking a fourth wall, allowing the audience to peer in. Riviera seemed slightly more relaxed. He raised his head but kept his eyes shut. "I've always lived in this room," he said. "As far as I know, I've never lived anywhere else." The white plaster on the walls of the room was yellowed. Two pieces of furniture stood inside. A simple wooden chair and a white-lacquered iron bed. The paint had chipped, peeling off so that the black metal shone through. The mattress on the bed was unmade. Spotted with faded brown streaks. A light bulb hung from a twisted, black cable over the bed. Case noticed a thick layer of dust on the top curve of the bulb. Riviera opened his eyes. "I've always been alone in this room," he said. He sat down facing the bed and took a seat on the chair. The blue coal glowed still in the black flower at the lapel. "I don't remember when I started dreaming about her," he continued, "but I do recall that she was initially just an inconspicuous shadow." A movement on the bed. Case blinked. Gone. "I couldn't hold her in my thoughts, but I wanted to... keep her and more..." His voice rang clearly in the silent restaurant. Ice clinked in a glass. Someone chuckled. Someone whispered something in Japanese. "If I could make a part of her visible, just a tiny bit, if I could see her clearly, in brilliant focus..." Case noticed a tattooed, rauten-shaped piece of laborer-made flesh that he had seen in the window display of a surgical boutique in Ninsei. Riviera touched his lips and licked the ball of his finger. The nails were burgundy-red. A hand appeared to Case, but not an amputated one; the skin ended intact, without scars, flowing. It reminded him of the tattooed, rauten-shaped piece of flesh he had seen...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
An impression of being composed of frozen moonbeams. With his head bowed and eyes closed, his arms stiff at his sides, Riviera quivered with intense concentration. All of a sudden, the ghostly cube filled up, becoming the room that lacked a fourth wall so that the audience could peer in. Riviera seemed to relax somewhat. He raised his head but kept his eyes shut. "I've always lived in this room," he said. "As far as I know, I've never lived anywhere else." The white plaster on the walls of the room had yellowed. Two pieces of furniture stood inside. A simple wooden chair and a white-lacquered iron bed. The paint was chipped, peeling so that black metal showed through. The mattress on the bed was unmade. Spotted with faded brown streaks. A light bulb hung from a twisted, black cable over the bed. Case noticed a thick layer of dust on the top curve of the bulb. Riviera opened his eyes. "I've always been alone in this room." He sat down, facing the bed, on the chair. The blue coal glowed still in the black blossom on his lapel. "I don't remember when I started dreaming about her," he said, "but I do recall that at first she was just an insignificant shadow." There was movement on the bed. Case blinked. Gone. "I couldn't hold onto her, keep her in my thoughts, but I wanted to... and more." His voice rang clearly in the silent restaurant. Ice clinked in a glass. Someone chuckled. Someone whispered something in Japanese. "If I could make just a small part of her visible—just a tiny fraction—if I could see it clearly..." Case thought, his gaze fixed on the tatted, rauten-shaped piece of laborer-made flesh he had seen in a window display at Ninsei's surgical boutique. Riviera touched the hand to his lips and licked the knuckles. The nails were burgundy-red polish. A hand appeared before Case, but not an amputated one; the skin ended intact, unscarred, fluid. It occurred to him that it was the tattooed piece of flesh he had seen in the window... Riviera held the hand to his lips and licked the palm. The fingers gently stroked his face. But now a second hand lay on the bed. When Riviera reached for it, the first hand's fingers wrapped around his wrist like skin and bone. The sequence unfolded with its own surreal logic. Arms followed. Feet. Legs. Beautiful legs. Case felt his head throb. His throat was dry. He drained the wine from his glass. Riviera was now in bed, naked. His clothes had been part of the projection but Case didn't remember seeing them disappear. The black flower lay at the foot of the bed, still glowing blue from within. Then the torso took shape, with Riviera caressing it: white, headless and perfect, shimmering slightly with sweat. Molly's body. Case gaped. Yet it wasn't Molly; it was Molly as Riviera envisioned her. The breasts didn't match, the nipples were too dark. Riviera and the bodiless torso rolled on the bed, embraced by hands with glowing nails. The bed was now covered in yellowed, brittle lace that left deep creases and tore upon touch. Dust danced around Riviera and the writhing limbs, the fluttering, pinching, caressing hands. Case looked at Molly. Her face was expressionless; the colors of Riviera's projection flickered in her eyes. Armitage sat hunched forward, his hands on the wineglass stem, his bright eyes fixed on the stage, the dim room behind him. Now the limbs and torso had fused, and Riviera shuddered. The head attached, completing the image. It was Molly's face with smooth mercury eyes. Riviera and the Molly-form intensified their copulation. Then the form slowly extended a hand and bared its five blades. With languid, dreamlike care, it sliced into Riviera's back. Case caught a brief glimpse of the exposed vertebrae but he was already on his feet, staggering to the door. He vomited over a rosewood railing into the still lake. The sensation of his head being stretched in a vise vanished. Kneeling and pressing his cheek against the cool wood, he gazed across the shallow lake at the lights of Rue Jules Verne. Case knew this medium phenomenon; when he was still a teenager it had been called "Real Dream" in the sprawl. He remembered scrawny Puerto Ricans dreaming under streetlights to funky salsa music: dream girls twirled and shook themselves to the rhythm, and the audience clapped along. Of course, that required an entire truckload of equipment and an awkwardly fitting electrode helmet. What Riviera was experiencing was transmitted. Case shook his throbbing head and spat into the lake. He could imagine the end, the finale: a perverse symmetry where Riviera assembles the dream girl, who then disassembles him. With these hands. Dream blood on the brittle lace. Applause from the restaurant. Case stood up and smoothed his clothes with his hands. He turned around and returned to the Vingtième Siècle. Molly's chair was empty. The stage as well. Armitage sat alone at the table, still staring at the stage, his hands on the wineglass stem. "Where is she?" Case asked. "Gone," Armitage replied. "Will you follow her?" "No." A fine clinking sound. Armitage looked at the glass. In his left hand he held a red-wine-filled champagne coupe. The broken stem jutted up like an icicle. Case took the coupe from him and placed it in a water glass. "Tell me where she is, Armitage." The lights came on. Case met Armitage's bright eyes. Nothing to see there. "She's preparing herself," Armitage said. "You won't see her again. When this thing happens, you'll be together again." "Why did Riviera do that to her?" Case asked. Armitage stood up and adjusted the collar of his jacket. "Sleep it off, Case!" he said. "Are we leaving tomorrow?" Armitage smiled his meaningless smile and left. Case rubbed his forehead and looked around. The guests were rising; the women smiling at the men's jokes. Only now did he notice the discreetly darkened balcony where candles still burned. He heard clinking of silverware, muffled conversation. The candles cast flickering shadows on the ceiling.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The girl's face appeared as suddenly as one of Riviera's projections. Her slender hands on the polished wooden railing, she leaned forward and looked down with ecstatic eyes, as if he believed, to a place far below. To the stage. It was a bewitching sight, but not strikingly beautiful. Oval form, high cheekbones that seemed astonishingly fragile, broader, stricter mouth to which the narrow hawk-like nose with rounded wings made strange compensation. She was gone again: submerged in the familiar laughter and dance of candles.

As he left the restaurant, he noticed the two young Frenchmen with their friend waiting for a boat to cross to the other shore and next casino. It was quiet in their room and the temper foam lay smooth as a beach after the tide. Her bag was gone. He searched for a message. Nothing. It took him some time before he, in his excitement and disappointment, registered the scene behind the window glass. He looked up and saw Desiderata, expensive businesses: Gucci, Tsuyako, Hermes, Liberty.

He glanced and then walked away shaking his head to a control panel he had not yet dealt with. He turned off the hologram and was rewarded with a view of apartment complexes that terraced down the other slope. Armed with the phone, he stepped out onto the cool balcony. "I need a number for Marcus Garvey," he said to the deck. "It's a sloper coming from Zion and registered as such."

The chip voice provided a ten-digit number. "Sir," it added, "the registration is, however, in Panama."

Maelcum answered on the fifth ring. "Yes?"

181

"Case. Do you have a modem?"

"Yes. On the navigation computer, you know."

"Can you take this down, man? Plug it into my Hosaka!"

"How are you in there, buddy?"

"Well, I need help."

"You're already on your way, buddy. Get the modem!"

Case listened to the static noise as Maelcum attached the simple telephone coupler. "Hack," he said to Hosaka when he heard it beep. "You speak from a place heavily monitored," the computer pedantically informed.

"Fuck," he said. "Forget the ice! No ice. Turn on the construction!" Dixie?

"Hey, Case." The flatline spoke through the voice chip of the Hosaka, completely losing the carefully constructed accent.

"Dix, you're going to get in here and retrieve something for me! Openly if I ask you to. Molly's somewhere in here, and I want to know where. I'm in 335W, at the Intercontinental. She was registered here too, but I don't know under what name. Get into the lift and go through her records!"

"Done," said the flatline. Case heard the faint invasion tone. He smiled. "Done. Rose Kolodny. Departed. It'll take me a few minutes to scratch around in the security net so I can get in."

"Go!" The phone whined and clicked under the strain of the construction. Case carried it back into the bedroom, setting the receiver upright on the foam. He went to the bathroom and brushed his teeth. When he came out again, the Braun monitor of the Audiovision 182 system in the room turned on. A Japanese pop star lay resting on metallic pillows. An unseen interviewer asked questions in German. Case looked. Blue interference streaks flickered across the screen.

"Case, buddy, are you fucking nuts?" The voice was slow and familiar. The mirrored balcony wall offered a view of Desiderata once again, but the street scene became blurred, distorted, blinding into an empty jar in Chiba. Red neon scribbles, multiplied infinitely by the reflective walls.

Lonny Zone, large and ghostly pale, entered with the slow, fluid movements of his drug addiction. He stood alone between the square tables, hands in the pockets of his gray cotton-wool pants.

"Really, man, you look fucking wasted," said the voice from the Braun speaker.

"Wintermute," Case replied.

The pimp shrugged casually and smiled. "Where's Molly?"

"It doesn't matter to you. You're going up today, Case. The flatline buzzes all over Freeside. I wouldn't have believed it of you, man. It doesn't fit your profile."

"Then tell me where she is, and I'll blow the flatline back," said Case.

Zone shook his head. "You always lose track of your women somehow, Case. You either find them or they disappear."

"I'll fuck you around," said Case.

"No. You don't have that kind of talent, man, I know. Do you know what? I think you were the one who had Deane cold-cock Molly in Chiba."

183

"Cut it out," said Case and involuntarily took a step towards the window. "But I didn't do it. What difference does it make anyway? What does it matter to Mr. Case?" He stopped, his fist bouncing off the glass. "Don't make up stories! I know your Linda, man. I know all Lindas. The Lindas are a collective product of my working methods."

"Why did she steal from you, then?" asked Zone. "Love? Do you want to talk about love? She loved you. I know she did. She loved you as much as that useless thing could." He paused. "You couldn't handle it. She's dead."

The phone beeped softly in bed. "Case?" The flatline waited. "Where were you? I got something, but not much." It recited an address. "The place has a weird ice bar that lists itself as a nightclub. That's all I could get without leaving a business card."

"OK," said Case. "Tell Hosaka to tell Maelcum to take down the modem. Thanks, Dix."

"No problem." He sat for a long time on the bed, savoring the new, precious treasure. Anger.

"Hey, Lupus. Hey, Cath, here's Lupus." Bruce stood naked in the doorway. He was dripping wet and had dilated pupils. "But we're taking a shower. Wanna join?"

"No thanks. I need help." He pushed the boy's arms aside and entered.

"Hey, man, really, we..."

"Help me, of course. You're happy to see me. Because we're friends, right? Or not?" Bruce blinked. "Of course," he said.

Case gave him the address. "I knew he was a gangster," Cath exclaimed happily from the shower.

"I've got a three-wheeled Honda," Bruce said with an uninteresting grin. "Let's go!"

"The rooms are on the ground floor," Bruce explained, repeating the address for the eighth time. He climbed back into his Honda. Condensate dripped from the exhaust of the hydrogen cell, as the red fiberglass chassis swayed on its chrome shocks.

"How long will it take?"

184

"I don't know. But you wait."

"We'll wait, sure," he scratched himself. "The last part of the address is probably a room number. Thirty-four."

"Are you expected, Lupus?" Cath stretched her neck and peeked over Bruce's shoulder. Her hair was drying.

"Not really," said Case. "That's my problem."

"Just go to the lowest floor and look for the room. If they let you in, great. If not..." She shrugged.

Case turned away and went down a wrought-iron spiral staircase with floral ornamentation. After six turns he reached a nightclub. He stayed there.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Das Mädchen mit dem Gesicht eines unvorhergesehenen Erscheinungsbildes, wie eine Projektion der Riviera. Die schmalen Hände auf dem glänzenden Holgeländer, sie beugte sich vor und schaute aus ihren dunklen Augen voller Bewunderung hinunter, als glaubte sie, er würde zu ihr herabblicken. Zur Bühne. Es war ein faszinierender Anblick, aber kein besonders schöner. Ovale Form, hohe Wangenknochen, die zerbrechlich wirkten, breiter, strenger Mund, zu dem die schmale Hakennase mit gebogenen Flügeln seltsame Ausgleichslinien schuf. Sie war schon wieder weg: versunken im vertrauten Gelächter und in den Tanz der Kerzen. Als er das Restaurant verließ, bemerkte er zwei junge Franzosen mit ihrer Freundin, die auf ein Boot zum anderen Ufer und ins nächste Casino warteten. Es war still in ihrem Zimmer und der Temperschaum glatt wie ein Strand nach der Flut. Ihre Tasche war weg. Er suchte nach einer Nachricht. Nichts. Es dauerte eine Weile, bis er in seiner Aufregung und Enttäuschung die Szene hinter dem Fensterglas registrierte. Er blickte auf und sah Desiderata: teure Geschäfte – Gucci, Tsuyako, Hermes, Liberty. Er schaute hin und ging dann kopfschüttelnd zu einem Schalttafel, mit der er sich noch nicht befasst hatte. Er stellte das Hologramm ab und wurde mit dem Blick auf die Eigentumswohnanlagen belohnt, die terrassenartig den anderen Hang bedeckten. Mit dem Telefon in der Hand trat er auf den kühlen Balkon hinaus. "Ich brauche eine Nummer für Marcus Garvey", sagte er zur Deckung. "Das ist ein Schlepper, kommend aus Zion und so registriert." Die Chipstimme nannte eine zehnstellige Nummer. "Herr", fügte sie hinzu, "die Registrierung lautet allerdings auf Panama." Maelcum nahm beim fünften Klingelton ab. "Ja?" 181

"Case. Hast du ein Modem, Maelcum?" "Ja. Am Navigationscomputer, weißt schon." "Kannst du das abnehmen? Mann? Steck's an meinen Hosaka! Dann schalt den Deck ein! Der geriffelte Knopf." "Wie geht's dir da drin, du?" "Nun, ich brauche Hilfe." "Schon unterwegs, du. Hol das Modem!" Case lauschte dem statischen Rauschen, während Maelcum den einfachen Telefonkoppler ansteckte. "Hacken", sagte er zu Hosaka, als er hörte, wie dieser piepte. "Du sprichst von einem stark überwachten Ort", teilte der Computer pedantisch mit. "Scheiße", sagte er. "Vergiss das Eis! Kein Eis. Schalt die Konstruktion ein!" "Dixie?" "He, Case." Die Flatline sprach durch den Sprachchip des Hosaka, wobei der sorgfältig konstruierte Akzent völlig verlorenging. "Dix, du wirst jetzt hier einsteigen und mir etwas rausholen! Ganz offen, wenn du willst. Molly ist irgendwo hier drin, und ich will wissen wo. Ich bin in 335W im Intercontinental. Sie war auch hier registriert, aber ich weiß nicht unter welchem Namen. Steig über die Leitung ein und geh ihre Aufzeichnungen durch!" "Gesagt, getan", meinte die Flatline. Case hörte den blassen Invasionston. Er lächelte. "Erledigt. Rose Kolodny. Abgereist. Es dauert ein paar Minuten, bis ich das Sicherheitsnetz entsprechend gekratzt habe, um dranzukommen." "Los!" Das Telefon wimmerte und klickte unter dem Sturm der Konstruktion. Case trug es ins Schlafzimmer zurück und legte den Hörer nach oben gekehrt auf den Temperschaum. Er ging ins Bad und putzte sich die Zähne. Als er wieder herauskam, schaltete der Braun-Monitor der Audiovisionsanlage im Zimmer an. Ein japanischer Popstar, ruhend auf metallischen Kissen. Ein unsichtbarer Interviewer, der auf Deutsch Fragen stellte. Case schaute. Blaue Interferenzstreifen flackerten über den Bildschirm. 182

"Case, Süßer, bist du übergeschnappt, Mann?" Die Stimme war schleppend, vertraut. Die verglaste Balkonwand bot wieder den Blick auf Desiderata, aber die Straßenszene wurde verschwommen, verzerrt, blendete ins leere Jarre des Chiba-Theaters. Rotes Neongekritzel, von den verspiegelten Wänden ins Unendliche vervielfacht. Lonny Zone, groß und leichenblaß, trat mit trägen, fließenden Unterwasserbewegungen seiner Drogensucht vor. Er stand allein zwischen den quadratischen Tischen, die Hände in den Taschen seiner grauen Kammgarnhose. "Echt, Mann, du siehst ganz schön abgehackt aus." Die Stimme kam aus dem Braun-Lautsprecher. "Wintermute", sagte Case. Der Zuhälter zuckte lässig die Achseln und lächelte. "Wo ist Molly?" "Das kann dir egal sein. Du gehst heute hoch, Case. Die Flatline durchstreift ganz Freeside. Das hätte ich dir nicht zugetraut, Mann. Es passt nicht zu deinem Profil." "Dann sag mir, wo sie ist, und ich lasse die Flatline zurück." Zone schüttelte den Kopf. "Es gelingt dir nicht besonders gut, deine Frauen im Auge zu behalten, was, Case? Du verlierst sie ständig auf irgendeine Weise." "Ich fetz dir das Ding um die Ohren", sagte Case. "Nein. Du hast nicht die Fähigkeit dazu, Mann, das weiß ich. Weißt du, was, Case? Ich glaube, du warst es, der Deane gesagt hat, deine kleine Hure in Chiba kalt zu machen." "Schluss", sagte Case und machte unwillkürlich einen Schritt in Richtung Fenster. "Aber hab's nicht getan. Was bringt das schon? Was spielt das für eine Rolle für Mr. Case?" Er schüttelte den Kopf. "Hör auf, dir was vorzumachen! Ich kenne deine Linda, Mann. Ich kenne alle Lindas. Die Lindas sind ein Kollektivprodukt meiner Arbeitsweise." 183

"Warum hat sie dich dann beklaut?", fragte Case. "Liebe. Damit du ihr egal bist. Liebe? Willst du von Liebe reden? Sie hat dich geliebt. Das weiß ich. Sie hat dich geliebt, so gut dieses nutzlose Ding lieben konnte. Du konntest damit nichts anfangen. Sie ist tot." Die Faust von Case prallte von der Scheibe ab. "Verfluch deine Hände nicht! Du musst bald in die Tasten hauen." Zone verschwand, abgelöst vom nächtlichen Freeside mit den Lichtern der Eigentumswohnanlagen. Der Braun schaltete sich aus. Vom Bett piepte leise das Telefon. "Case?" Die Flatline wartete. "Wo warst du? Ich hab's, aber es ist nicht viel." Die Konstruktion leierte eine Adresse herunter. "Der Laden hat ein komisches Eis, das ihn als Nachtclub ausweist. Das ist alles, was ich herausbekommen konnte, ohne eine Visitenkarte hinterlassen zu haben." "Okay", meinte Case. "Sag dem Hosaka, er soll Maelcum sagen, das Modem abzunehmen. Danke, Dix." "Bitte." Er saß lange auf dem Bett und dachte nach. Dann stand er auf und ging zum Fenster. Die Stadt schien ihm fremd und doch vertraut zugleich. Er wusste, dass er etwas tun musste, aber was? 185
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Er stand da, steckte sich eine Zigarette an und sah über die Tische hinweg. Plötzlich verstand er Freeside. Geschäft. Die Luft knisterte förmlich davon. Hier war die Action. Nicht die glänzenden Fassaden der Rue Jules Verne, sondern hier lag das Gelbe vom Ei. Kommen wir mal her. Der Trubel. Das gemischte Publikum bestand etwa zur Hälfte aus Touristen und zur anderen Hälfte aus Einheimischen. „Runter“, sagte er zu einem vorbeikommenden Kellner. „Ich will runter.“ Er zeigte seinen Freeside-Chip. Der Mann deutete in den hinteren Teil des Clubs. Er ging rasch an den voll besetzten Tischen vorbei, hörte Gesprächsfetzen in einem halben Dutzend europäischer Sprachen. „Eine Kabine“, sagte er zur Frau, die an einem niedrigen Tisch saß und ein Terminal auf dem Schoß hatte. „Untergeschoss.“ Er reichte ihr seinen Chip. „Besondere Wünsche bezüglich des Geschlechts?“ Sie strich mit dem Chip über eine Glasplatte an der Vorderseite des Terminals. „Weiblich“, sagte er automatisch. „Nummer fünfunddreißig. Benutzen Sie das Telefon, wenn Sie nicht zufrieden sind. Sie können sich im Voraus ansehen, was wir zu bieten haben, wenn Sie möchten.“ Lächelnd gab sie ihm den Chip zurück. Hinter ihr ging ein Aufzug auf. Der Korridor war blau beleuchtet. Case trat aus dem Aufzug und entschied sich für eine Richtung. Numerierte Türen. Stille wie in den Gängen einer teuren Klinik. Er fand seine Kabine, während er nach der von Molly suchte. Verwirrt hob er seinen Chip und drückte ihn gegen den schwarzen Sensor direkt unter der Nummernschilder. Magnetschloss. Das Geräusch erinnerte ihn an das Billighotel. 186

Das Mädchen auf dem Bett setzte sich auf und sprach ihn auf Deutsch an. Ihr Blick war gelöst. Sie blinzelte nicht. Automatisierte Steuerung. Nervenkontrolle. Er trat zurück und schloss die Kabinentür. Die Tür der Kabine 43 war genauso wie die anderen. Er zögerte. Die Stille im Korridor ließ darauf schließen, dass die Kabinen schalldicht waren. Sinnlos, es mit dem Chip zu versuchen. Er klopfte mit den Handknöcheln gegen das beschichtete Metall. Nichts. Die Tür schien jedes Geräusch zu verschlucken. Er drückte den Chip gegen die schwarze Platte. Die Bolzen klickten. Sie hatte ihn irgendwie getroffen, bevor die Tür ganz offen war. Er war auf den Knien, die Stahltür im Rücken. Zentimeter vor seinen Augen tanzten die Klingen ihrer steifen Daumen... „Herrgott“, sagte sie und kniff ihm ins Gesicht, als er aufstand. „Dumm von dir, das zu versuchen. Wie hast du denn die Schlösser aufgebrochen, Case? Bist du in Ordnung?“ Sie beugte sich über ihn. „Chip“, sagte er, nach Luft schnappend. Schmerz breitete sich von seiner Brust aus. Sie half ihm auf die Beine und schob ihn in die Kabine. „Hast du die Angestellte oben bestochen?“ Er schüttelte den Kopf und fiel aufs Bett. „Einatmen. Zählen. Eins, zwei, drei, vier. Luft anhalten. Jetzt ausatmen. Zählen.“ Er hielt sich den Bauch. „Du hast mich getreten“, keuchte er. „Hätte tiefer zielen sollen. Ich will allein sein. Meditiere, klar?“ Sie setzte sich neben ihn. „Und eine Anleitung bekommen.“ Sie deutete auf einen kleinen Monitor, der gegenüber dem Bett in die Wand eingelassen war. „Wintermute klärt mich über Straylight auf.“ „Wo ist die Fleischpuppe?“ 187

„Keine da. Das ist der teuerste Sonderwunsch überhaupt.“ Sie stand auf. Ihre Lederhose und ein weites, dunkles Hemd hatte sie an. „Morgen geht’s los“, sagte Wintermute. „Was sollte das Ganze im Restaurant? Warum bist du davongelaufen?“ „Wenn ich geblieben wäre, Case, hätte ich Riviera wohl umgebracht.“ „Warum?“ „Was er mir angetan hat. Die Show.“ „Ich verstehe nicht.“ „Es kostet viel“, sagte sie und streckte die rechte Hand aus, als würde sie eine unsichtbare Frucht halten. Die fünf Klingen erschienen und schoben sich langsam wieder zurück. „Teuer, nach Chiba zu fahren, teuer, die Operation, teuer, die Aufbereitung des Nervensystems, damit man die entsprechenden Reflexe für das Gerät hat... Weißt du, wie ich das Geld zu Anfang verdient habe? Hier. Nicht hier, aber in einem ähnlichen Laden im Slum. Am Anfang ist es ein Kinderspiel, denn sobald sie dir den Unterbrecher-Chip einsetzen, ist es leicht verdientes Geld. Manchmal wundest du dich auf, aber das ist alles. Du vermietest deine Güter, und das war’s. Du bist nicht dabei, wenn es passiert. Das Haus hat jede erdenkliche Software, die ein Freier sich leisten kann...“ Sie knackte mit ihren Fingerknöcheln. „Fein. Ich bekam mein Geld. Das Problem war, dass der Unterbrecher und die Schaltung, die sie mir in Chiba eingesetzt hatten, nicht kompatibel waren. Die Arbeit sickerte langsam durch, ich konnte mich langsam erinnern... Aber es waren nur Träume, und nicht immer schlechte.“ Sie lächelte. „Dann wurde es seltsam.“ Sie zog Zigaretten aus seiner Tasche und anzündete sich eine an. „Das Haus fand heraus, was ich mit meinem Geld machte. Ich hatte die Klingen schon drin, aber die neuromotorische Feinjustierung erforderte noch drei Besuche. Auf jeden Fall war ich nicht bereit, das Puppentheater fortzusetzen.“ Sie inhalierte, blies den Rauch aus und schickte drei perfekte Ringe hinterher. „Der Typ, der den Laden rausgeworfen hat, ließ eine besondere Software zusammenbauen. Berlin, das ist der Ort für Sniff, weißt du? Ein großer Markt für mittelmäßige Kicks, Berlin. Ich habe nie erfahren, wer das Programm geschrieben hat, an das sie mich gehängt haben, aber es war auf die ganzen Klassiker aufgebaut.“ 188
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Er stand da, steckte sich eine Zigarette an und blickte über die Tische. Plötzlich erinnerte es ihn an Freeside. Geschäfte. Die Luft knisterte förmlich davon. Hier war die Action. Nicht die glänzenden Fassaden der Rue Jules Verne, sondern hier lag das Gelbe vom Ei. Kommen wir zur Sache. Der Reigen. Das gemischte Publikum bestand etwa zur Hälfte aus Touristen, zur anderen Hälfte aus Einheimischen. „Runter“, sagte er zu einem vorbeikommenden Kellner. „Ich will runter.“ Er zeigte seinen Freeside-Chip. Der Mann deutete in den hinteren Teil des Clubs. Er ging rasch an den voll besetzten Tischen vorbei, hörte Gesprächsfetzen in einem halben Dutzend europäischer Sprachen. „Eine Kabine“, sagte er zur Frau, die an einem niedrigen Tisch saß und ein Terminal auf dem Schoß hatte. „Untergeschoss.“ Er reichte ihr seinen Chip. „Besondere Wünsche zum Geschlecht?“ Sie strich mit dem Chip über eine Glasplatte an der Frontseite des Terminals. „Weiblich“, sagte er automatisch. „Nummer fünfunddreißig. Benutzen Sie das Telefon, wenn Sie nicht zufrieden sind. Sie können sich im Voraus ansehen, was wir anzubieten haben, wenn Sie möchten.“ Lächelnd gab sie ihm den Chip zurück. Hinter ihr ging ein Aufzug auf. Der Korridor war blau beleuchtet. Case trat aus dem Aufzug und entschied sich für eine Richtung. Numerierte Türen. Stille wie in den Hallen einer teuren Klinik. Er fand seine Kabine, während er nach der von Molly suchte. Verwirrt hob er seinen Chip und drückte ihn gegen den schwarzen Sensor direkt unter dem Nummernschild. Magnetschloss. Das Geräusch erinnerte ihn an das Billighotel. 186

Das Mädchen auf dem Bett setzte sich auf und sprach ihn auf Deutsch an. Ihr Blick war gelöst. Sie blinzelte nicht. Automatisierte Steuerung. Nervenunterbrechung. Er trat zurück und schloss die Kabinentür. Die Tür der Kabine 43 war wie die anderen. Er zögerte. Die Stille im Korridor ließ darauf schließen, dass die Kabinen schalldicht waren. Sinnlos, es mit dem Chip zu versuchen. Er klopfte mit den Handknöcheln gegen das beschichtete Metall. Nichts. Die Tür schien jedes Geräusch zu verschlucken. Er drückte den Chip gegen die schwarze Platte. Die Bolzen klickten. Sie hatte ihn irgendwie getroffen, bevor die Tür ganz offen war. Er war auf den Knien, die Stahltür im Rücken. Zentimeter vor seinen Augen tanzten die Klingen ihrer steifen Daumen... „Herrgott“, sagte sie und kniff ihn ins Gesicht, als er aufstand. „Idiotisch von dir, das zu probieren. Wie hast du die Schlösser aufgebracht, Case? Bist du in Ordnung?“ Sie beugte sich über ihn. „Chip“, sagte er, nach Luft schnappend. Schmerz breitete sich von seiner Brust aus. Sie half ihm auf die Beine und schob ihn in die Kabine. „Hast du die Angestellte oben bestochen?“ Er schüttelte den Kopf und fiel aufs Bett. „Einatmen. Zählen. Eins, zwei, drei, vier. Luft anhalten. Jetzt ausatmen. Zählen.“ Er hielt sich den Bauch. „Du hast mich getreten“, keuchte er. „Hätte tiefer zielen sollen. Ich will allein sein. Meditiere, klar?“ Sie setzte sich neben ihn. „Und eine Einweisung bekommen.“ Sie deutete auf einen kleinen Monitor, der gegenüber dem Bett in die Wand eingelassen war. „Wintermute klärt mich über Straylight auf.“ „Wo ist die Fleischpuppe?“ 
„Keine da. Das ist der teuerste Sonderwunsch überhaupt.“ Sie stand auf. Ihre Lederhose und ein weites, dunkles Hemd hatte sie an. „Morgen geht’s los“, sagte Wintermute. 
„Was sollte das Ganze im Restaurant? Warum bist du davongelaufen?“ 
„Wenn ich geblieben wäre, Case, hätte ich Riviera wohl umgebracht.“ 
„Warum?“ 
„Was er mir angetan hat. Die Show.“ 
„Ich verstehe nicht.“ 
„Es kostet viel“, sagte sie und streckte die rechte Hand aus, als hielte sie eine unsichtbare Frucht. Die fünf Klingen kamen zum Vorschein und schoben sich langsam wieder zurück. „Teuer, nach Chiba zu fahren, teuer, die Operation, teuer, die Aufbereitung des Nervensystems, damit man die entsprechenden Reflexe für das Gerät hat... Weißt du, wie ich das Geld zu Anfang verdiente? Hier. Nicht hier, aber in einem ähnlichen Laden im Sprawl. Ist zunächst ein Kinderspiel, denn sobald sie dir den Unterbrecher-Chip einpflanzen, ist’s locker verdientes Geld. Manchmal wundest du dich auf, aber das ist schon alles. Vermietest deine Güter, das ist alles. Du bist nicht dabei, wenn’s passiert. Das Haus hat jede erdenkliche Software, die ein Freier sich leisten kann...“ Sie knackte mit ihren Fingerknöcheln. 
„Fein. Ich bekam mein Geld. Das Problem war, der Unterbrecher und die Schaltung, die sie mir in Chiba eingebaut hatten, waren nicht kompatibel. Die Arbeit sickerte allmählich durch, ich konnte mich langsam erinnern... Aber es waren nur Träume, und nicht immer schlechte.“ Sie lächelte. 
„Dann wurde es seltsam.“ Sie zog die Zigaretten aus seiner Tasche und zündete sich eine an. „Das Haus fand heraus, was ich mit meinem Geld machte. Ich hatte die Klingen schon drin, aber die neuromotorische Feinarbeit erforderte noch drei Besuche. Auf jeden Fall war ich nicht bereit, das Puppenspiel fortzusetzen.“ Sie inhalierte, blies den Rauch aus und schickte drei perfekte Ringe hinterher. 
„Der Scheißtyp, der den Laden geschlossen hat, ließ eine besondere Software zusammenbrauen. Berlin, das ist der Ort für Sniff, weißt du? Großer Markt für mittelprächtige Kicks, Berlin. Ich erfuhr nie, wer das Programm schrieb, an das sie mich ranhängten, aber es war auf die ganzen Klassiker aufgebaut.“ 
„Wussten sie, dass du das Zeug mitbekommen hast? Warst du bei Bewusstsein während der Arbeit?“ 
„War nicht bei Bewusstsein. Ist wie Kyberspace, aber leer. Silber. Riecht wie Regen... Siehst dich beim Orgasmus. Ist wie eine kleine Nova draußen an der Grenze des Alls. Aber ich fing an, mich zu erinnern. Wie an einen Traum, weißt schon. Und sie haben mir nichts gesagt. Haben die Software ausgetauscht und begannen, mich an spezielle Kundschaft zu verkaufen.“ 
Sie schien aus der Ferne zu sprechen. „Und ich wusste Bescheid, hielt aber den Mund. Ich brauchte das Geld. Die Träume wurden immer schlimmer, und ich sagte mir, dass zumindest manche nur Träume waren. Aber inzwischen hatte ich mitbekommen, dass der Chef eine ganze kleine Klientel für mich bereitgestellt hatte. Nichts ist zu gut für Molly“, sagte der Chef und gab ihr die lächerliche Erhöhung. 
Sie schüttelte den Kopf. „Der Schwanz kassierte achtmal so viel wie er mir zahlte, und glaubte, ich wüsste das nicht.“ 
„Wofür kassierte er denn?“ 
„Schlechte Träume. Alpträume. Eines Nachts... eines Nachts kam ich gerade von Chiba zurück.“ Sie warf die Zigarette auf den Boden, trat sie mit dem Absatz aus und setzte sich, an die Wand gelehnt. „Die Chirurgen gingen bei diesem Besuch voll ran. Heikle Sache. Sie haben wohl den Unterbrecher-Chip vermurkst. Ich kam zurück und...“
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Back. I'd been with a client... « She poked her fingers deep into the temper foam. »A senator. I recognized his fat face. We were swimming in blood. We weren't alone. She was... « — she tugged at the temper foam — »... dead as a doornail. And that fat arse, he said: "What's going on? What's happening?" Because we weren't finished yet... « She started to shake. »I think I gave the senator what he really wanted, you know?« She stopped shaking. She let go of the foam and ran her fingers through her dark hair. »The house had me under surveillance. I had to go into hiding for a while.« Case met her eyes with wide ones. »Riviera took a shot last night,« she said. »I guess I should cultivate a mighty hatred for him so I'm prepared to follow him in there.« »Follow?« »He's already inside. In Straylight. By invitation of Lady 3Jane. Because of the dedication and all that. She was there, in some private loge or something...« Case remembered the face he'd seen. »Are you going to kill him?« She smiled coldly. »He'll die, yes. Soon.« »I had a visitor too,« he said, and told her from the window, told her how he'd chanced upon what the Zone-form said about Linda. Molly nodded. »Maybe you should hate something too.« »Maybe I do hate it.« »Maybe you hate yourself, Case.« »Well, how was it?« Bruce asked as Case got into the Honda. 190

»Try it out occasionally,« he said and rubbed his eyes. »I can't get it through my head that you're the type who likes dolls,« Cath said disappointedly as she pressed a fresh Derm to her wrist. »Can we go home now?« Bruce asked. »Sure. Let me out at Rue Jules Verne where the bars are.« The Rue Jules Verne was a ring road that swung around the spindle while Desiderata Street ran along the spindle and ended on both sides at the struts of the Lado-Acheson light pumps. If you turned right from Desiderata and followed Jules Verne far enough, you came back to Desiderata on the left. Case watched the Honda as Bruce drove away, then turned and walked past a large, brightly lit newspaper kiosk. On the covers of a dozen Japanese high-gloss magazines were the faces of this month's top simulation stars. Directly above him, along the night axis at the Hologramm sky, fantastical constellations that resembled playing cards, eyes on a die, a cylinder hat, a martini glass sparkled. The intersection of Desiderata and Jules Verne formed some kind of chasm where the terraced balconies of the hillside dwellers gradually rose to the grassy hills of another casino complex. Case observed a drone, a remote-controlled microlight that soared up to the green edge of an artificial tableland and briefly dipped into the soft glow of the invisible casino. The thing was some sort of double-decker without a pilot made of ultra-thin polymer, a silk-screen weave that resembled a giant butterfly. In an instant it had vanished over the table's edge. In the last moment he'd seen glass flash: either lenses or laser guns. The drones belonged to the spindle's security system and were controlled by a central computer.  In Straylight Villa? He walked past bars named Hi-Lo, Paradise, Le Monde, Cricketeer, Shozoku Smith's, Emergency. He chose Emergency because it was the smallest and most crowded, but soon realized it was a tourist hangout. What crackled here wasn't business but a chilled, erotic tension. He briefly thought of the nameless club above Molly's cabin, but the image of her mirrored eyes glued to the small monitor made him lose interest. What did Wintermute reveal there? The floor plan of Straylight Villa? The history of the Tessier-Ashpools?  He ordered a Carlsberg and found a seat at the wall. With his eyes closed, he sought the smoldering ember of his anger. It was still there. Where had it come from? He remembered that he'd been more or less stunned by his disfigurement in Memphis, felt nothing as he murdered to protect his business interests in Night City, experienced disgust and revulsion over Linda's death in the inflated dome. But no anger. In his mind's eye, a blurred Deane exploded in a cloud of blood and brain against a blurry office wall. Then he knew: anger surged in the arcade when Wintermute crushed Linda Lee's simulation spirit and thus shattered the simple, animalistic hope for food, warmth, and a place to sleep. But it dawned on him only later during his conversation with the holographically constructed Lonny Zone.  It was something peculiar. He couldn't measure it. »Stupid,« he said. He'd been numb for a long time, years, since his nights in Ninsei, his nights with Linda. Numb in bed, numb in the sweaty course of every drug deal. But now he'd found this warm thing, this deadly drive.  »Flesh,« something inside him said.  »It's the flesh that's talking to you. Don't listen!«  »Gangster.« He opened his eyes. Cath stood beside him in a black blouse with her hair still ruffled from the Honda ride.  »Thought you wanted to go home,« he said and masked his confusion with a swallow of Carlsberg.  »Let me out at some shop. I bought this.« She ran her hand over the fabric along the seams. He saw the blue Denim on her wrist. »Do you like it?«  »Sure.« Automatically he surveyed the faces around him and then looked back at her. »What do you even plan to do, honey?«  »Do you like the Beta we got from us, Lupus?« She stood very close to him now, radiating warmth and tension. Her pupils in the longest eyes were enormously dilated, a tendon taut on her neck like a bowstring. She trembled slightly as the drug took hold. »Did you lift?«  »Yes. But landing is tricky.«  »Then you need another one.«  »And where would that lead?«  »I have a key. Up in the hills behind Paradise, a place only fit for kings. People are coming down the shaft tonight on business... if you follow me...«  »If I follow you.« With her hot, dry hands she seized his own. »You're a Yak, aren't you? A Gaijin soldier for the Yakuza.«  »You have an eye for that kind of thing, huh?« He withdrew his hand and searched for a cigarette.  »I saw the girl you're with. The day I met you. She moves like Hideo. It scares me.« She smiled too broadly. »I like it. Does she like girls?«  »Never said anything. Who's Hideo?«  »3Jane's right-hand man, as she calls him. A family man.« Case forced himself to stare at the patrons in Emergency while she spoke. »ThreeJane?«  »Lady 3-Jane. Crazy. Rich. Her father owns everything here.«  »This bar?«  »Freeside!«  »Really, you mix with high society, huh?« He raised an eyebrow. He put his arm around her, his hand on her hip. »And how do you learn the tricks of the trade?«
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Back. I'd been with a client... « She stabbed her fingers deep into the temper foam. »He was a senator. I knew his fat face. We were swimming in blood. We weren't alone. She was... « - she tugged at the temper foam - »... dead as a doornail. And this fat ass, he said: "What's going on? What's happening?" Because we weren't finished yet... « She started to shake. »I think I gave the senator what he really wanted, you know?« She stopped shaking. She let go of the foam and ran her fingers through her dark hair. »The house had me under surveillance. I had to go into hiding for a while.« Case looked at her with wide eyes. »Riviera took a shot last night,« she said. »I guess I should develop a mighty hatred for him so that I'm prepared to follow him in there.« »Follow?« »He's already inside. In Straylight. On Lady 3Jane's invitation. Because of the dedication and all. She was there, in some private loge or something...« Case remembered the face he'd seen. »Are you going to kill him?« She smiled coldly. »He'll die, yes. Soon.« »I had a visitor too,« he said, and told her from the window, told her how he'd stumbled upon what Zone-form said about Linda. Molly nodded. »Maybe you should hate something too.« »Maybe I do hate it.« »Maybe you hate yourself, Case.« »Well, how was it?« Bruce asked as Case got into the Honda. 190

»Try it occasionally,« he said and rubbed his eyes. »I can't get it through my head that you're the kind of guy who likes dolls,« Cath said disappointedly as she pressed a fresh Derm to her wrist. »Can we go home now?« Bruce asked. »Sure. Let me out at Rue Jules Verne where the bars are.« The Rue Jules Verne was a ring road that swung around the spindle while Desiderata Street ran along the spindle and ended on both sides at the struts of the Lado-Acheson light pumps. If you turned right from Desiderata and followed Jules Verne far enough, you'd come back to Desiderata on the left. Case watched the Honda disappear as it drove away, turned his back and walked past a large, brightly lit newspaper kiosk. On the covers of a dozen Japanese glossy magazines were the faces of this month's top stars.  Directly above him, along the night axis at the Hologramm sky, fantastical constellations that looked like playing cards, eyes on a die, a cylinder hat, a martini glass twinkled. The intersection of Desiderata and Jules Verne formed a kind of gorge where the terraced balconies of the hillside dwellers gradually ascended to the grassy hills of another casino complex. Case observed a drone, a remote-controlled microlight that soared up to the green edge of an artificial tableland and briefly dipped into the soft glow of the invisible casino. The thing was some sort of double-decker without a pilot made of ultra-thin polymer, a silk screen weave that looked like a giant butterfly. It was already over the edge of the table. In the last moment he saw glass flash: neon light reflecting either lenses or laser guns.  The drones belonged to the security system of the spindle and were controlled by a central computer.  In Straylight Villa? He walked past bars called Hi-Lo, Paradise, Le Monde, Cricketeer, Shozoku Smith's, Emergency. He chose Emergency because it was the smallest and most packed, but soon realized it was a tourist joint. What crackled here wasn't business, but an undercool, erotic tension. He briefly thought of the nameless club above Molly's cabin, but the image of her mirrored eyes glued to the small monitor put him off. What would Wintermute reveal there? The floor plans of Straylight Villa? The history of the Tessier-Ashpools?  He ordered a Carlsberg and found a spot at the wall. With his eyes closed, he sought the smoldering ember of his anger. It was still there. Where had it come from? He remembered that he'd been no more than dazed over his disfigurement in Memphis, felt nothing as he murdered to protect his business interests in Night City, experienced revulsion and disgust at Linda's death in the inflated dome. But no anger. In his mind's eye, small and far away, a blurred Deane exploded in a cloud of blood and brain against a blurred office wall. Then he knew: anger arose in the arcade when Wintermute smashed Linda Lee's Simstim spirit and thus destroyed her simple, animalistic hope for food, warmth and a place to sleep. But it dawned on him only during his conversation with the holographically constructed Lonny Zone.  It was something peculiar. He couldn't measure it. »Stupid,« he said. He'd been numb for a long time, years, since his nights in Ninsei, his nights with Linda. Numb in bed, numb in the sweaty course of every drug deal. But now he'd found this warm thing, this deadly drive.  »Meat,« something inside him said. »It's the meat that talks to you. Don't pay attention!« »Gangster,« he opened his eyes. Cath stood next to him in a black shirt dress, her hair still ruffled from the Honda ride. »Thought you wanted to go home,« he masked his confusion with a swallow of Carlsberg.  »Left me at this shop. Bought this.« She ran her hand over the fabric, along the seams. He saw the blue Denn on her wrist. »Do you like it?«  »Sure.« Automatically he scanned the faces around him and then looked back at her. »What are your plans, sweetheart?«  »Do you like the Beta we gave you, Lupus?« She stood even closer to him, radiating warmth and tension. Her pupils in the longer eyes were enormously dilated, a tendon taut on her neck like a bowstring. She trembled, slightly, as the drug hit. »Did you get high?«  »Yes. But landing is tricky.«  »Then you need another one.«  »And where would that lead?«  »I have a key. Up the mountain behind Paradise, a place only for the finest people. People are going down the shaft tonight, on business... if you follow me...«  »If I follow you.« With her hot, dry hands she took his. »You're a Yak, what, Lupus? A gaijin soldier for the Yakuza.«  »You have an eye for that kind of thing, huh?« He pulled his hand back and searched for a cigarette.  »I saw the girl you're with. The day I met you. She walks like Hideo. It scares me.« She smiled too broadly. »I like it. Does she like women?«  »Never said anything. Who is Hideo?«  »3Jane's man, as she calls him. A man of the family.« Case forced himself to stare blankly at the patrons in Emergency while she spoke. »ThreeJane?«  »Lady 3-Jane. Crazy. Rich. Her father owns everything here.«  »This bar?«  »Freeside!«  »Honestly, you mix with the best people, huh?« He raised an eyebrow. He put his arm around her, hand on her hip. »And how do you learn about the Bic Macs?«
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Only know, Cath? Are you a secret debutante? You and Bruce, have you secretly inherited an old, overdue debt? Hm?" With spread fingers, he kneaded the flesh under her thin, black dress. She pressed herself to him. Laughed. "Oh, you know," she said with half-lowered eyelids to make a modest impression, "she loves parties. Bruce and I, we bring the parties... It's really boring in there for her. Her old man sometimes lets her out, as long as she takes Hideo along, who keeps an eye on her."

"Where is it boring?"

"Straylight Villa. She told me about it. Oh, it's lovely there, all ponds and lilies. A castle, a real one, made entirely of stone and twilight. Her face... I'd say she has a striking face, nose like a bird of prey? Dark hair? Young? I think so. An insane woman. All that money..."

The drug hit him like a D-train, a white, glowing column shooting from his prostate area up his spine, illuminating the seams in his skull with X-rays from his short-circuited libido. His teeth rang in individual root channels like tuning forks, each one perfectly pitched and clear as ethanol. His bones under the foggy flesh shell were chrome-plated and highly polished, the joints lubricated with silicone. Sandstorms raged on the bare, polished head floor, generating high, static waves that broke behind her eyes, swelling balls of clearest crystal...

"Come on!" she said, taking his hand. "You're in it. We're in it. Up there on the mountain, we can do this all night."

Anger grew, became unrestrained, multiplying exponentially in the wake of the beta-phenethylamine surge, streaming in like a carrier wave, a seismic flow, lush and corrosive. His erection was a lead bar. The faces around in the emergency room were painted puppet-like; red-white mouths opened and closed, up and down; syllables emerged like whispered speech bubbles. He looked at Cath and saw every pore of her tanned skin, eyes flat as dull glass, the color of dead metal, a certain puffiness, smallest asymmetries in her breasts and clavicle... Something bright flickered behind his eyes.

He let go of her hand and stumbled to the door, pushing each way. "Fuck off!" she shouted after him, "you fucking asshole!"

He couldn't feel his legs. He used them like stilts, staggering crazily over the cobblestones of Rue Jules Verne. A distant rumble in his ears; the blood pulsed through his veins. Sharp-edged light sliced through his skull from a dozen different angles. And then he froze - upright, fists clenched to his thighs, head back, lips pursed, trembling. Observing the animalistic circle dance of the loser, the night club constellations in the holographic sky, drifting, dissolving, gliding down the dark axis like scum in the dead center of reality... Until they formed, hundreds streaming together and forming a huge, simple portrait, a last, monochromatic painting in pointillist style from the stars of the night sky. Miss Linda Lee's face.

When he could finally look away, he saw that all the other faces on the street were looking up, and the strolling tourists gawked in wonder. And when the lights in the sky went out, a chorus of cheers rose from Rue Jules Verne, echoing from the terraces and concrete buildings bathed in moonlight.

Somewhere, a clock began to chime, an old European bell. Midnight.

He walked until morning. The buzz faded, the chrome skeleton corroded with each hour that passed, the drug-depleted flesh hardening and regaining life. He couldn't think. Being conscious but unable to think was very pleasing to him. Apparently, he became every object he saw: the park bench, a swarm of white mosquitoes at an antique street lamp, the garden robot with its black-yellow stripes.

A rosy dawn crept over the Lado-Acheson system. He forced himself to eat an omelet, drink a glass of water, and smoke his last cigarette in a cafe on Desiderata Street. The rooftop terrace of the Intercontinental was already bustling when he crossed it. Early breakfast guests under striped umbrellas were diving into coffee and croissants.

He still had his anger. It was like being mugged in an alleyway and waking up to find your untouched wallet still in your jacket. He used that, even though he couldn't remember a name or purpose for it.

He took the elevator to his floor and searched in his pocket for the Freeside chip, which also served as his key. Sleep was slowly becoming thinkable. A good idea. Stretching out on the sand-colored foam mattress and diving back into emptiness...

They were waiting for him. There were three of them. Their seamless, white athletic wear and their stenciled tans starkly contrasted with the organic beauty of the furniture. The girl sat on a wicker sofa, an automatic pistol lying next to her on the patterned cushion.

"Turing," she said. "You're under arrest."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Only Ken, Cath? Are you a secret debutante? You and Bruce, have you secretly inherited an old, overdue debt? Hm?" With splayed fingers, he kneaded the flesh under her thin, black dress. She pressed herself to him. Laughed. "Oh, you know," she said with half-lowered eyelids to make a modest impression, "she loves parties. Bruce and I bring the parties... It's really boring in there. Her old man sometimes lets her out, as long as she takes Hideo along, who keeps an eye on her."

"Where's it boring?"

"Straylight Villa," she said. "He told me about it. Oh, it's pretty there, all ponds and lilies. A castle, a real castle, entirely made of stone and sunset." She hugged him. "Hey Lupus, Old Man, you need a Derm. So we can be together."

She was carrying a small leather pouch attached to a thin neck cord. Her completely chewed nails were pink-lacquered. She opened the pouch and pulled out a blue Derm wrapped in paper. A white piece fell onto the floor. Case bent down. An origami crane. "I got it from Hideo," she said. "Tried to show me how, but I can't do it. The neck always stands back."

She tucked the folded paper into her pocket as Case watched her peel off the backing and press the patch onto his wrist.

"Jane, does she have a distinctive face, a bird-like nose?" His hands drew in the air. "Dark hair? Young?

"I think so," she said. "An insane woman. Well, all that money."

The drug hit him like a D-train, a white, glowing column of light shooting from his prostate area up his spine and illuminating the seams of his skull with X-rays from his short-circuited libido. His teeth rang in individual root channels like tuning forks, each note perfectly pitched and clear as ethanol. His bones under the misty flesh shell were chromed and highly polished, the joints lubricated with silicone. Sandstorms raged on the bare, buffed head of the skull and generated high, static waves that broke behind his eyes, swelling balls of clearest crystal...

"Come on!" she said, taking his hand. "You're up for it. We are. Up there on the mountain, we can do this all night."

Anger grew, became unrestrained, multiplying exponentially in the wake of the beta-phenethylamine surge, flowing in like a carrier wave, a seismic flow, lush and corrosive. His erection was a lead bar. The faces around him in the emergency room were painted puppet-like; red-white mouths opened and closed, up and down; syllables burst out like silent speech bubbles. He looked at Cath and saw every pore of her tanned skin, eyes flat as dull glass, the tone of dead metal, some kind of swelling, smallest asymmetry in her breasts and collarbone... Something bright flickered behind his eyes.

He let go of her hand and stumbled to the door, pushing each way. "Fuck you!" she shouted after him, "you fucking asshole!"

He couldn't feel his legs. He used them like stilts, staggering crazily over the cobblestones of Rue Jules Verne. A distant rumble in his ears; the blood pulsed. A razor-sharp light sliced through his skull from a dozen different angles. And then he froze—standing straight, fists clenched to his thighs, head back, lips pursed, trembling. Observing the animal circles of the loser, the night club constellations in the holographic sky, migrating, dissolving, gliding down the dark axis like debris in the dead center of reality. Until they formed, hundreds streaming together and forming a huge, simple portrait, a last, monochromatic painting in pointillist style from the stars of the night sky. Miss Linda Lee's face.

When he could finally look away, he saw that all the other faces on the street were looking up, and the strolling tourists stared in wonder. And when the lights in the sky went out, a chorus of cheers rose from Rue Jules Verne, echoing off the terraces and concrete buildings bathed in moonlight.

Somewhere a clock began to chime, an ancient European bell. Midnight. He walked until dawn. The buzz faded, the chromed skeleton corroded with each hour that passed, the drug-depleted flesh hardened and came back to life. He couldn't think. To be conscious but unable to think was very pleasing to him. Apparently he became every object he saw: the park bench, a swarm of white mosquitoes circling an antique street lamp, the garden robot with its black and yellow stripes.

A rosy dawn crept over the Lado-Acheson system. He forced himself to eat an omelet at a café on Desiderata Street, drink a glass of water, and smoke his last cigarette. The rooftop terrace of the Intercontinental was already bustling as he walked through. Early breakfast guests under striped umbrellas were diving into coffee and croissants.

He still had his anger. It was like being mugged in an alleyway and waking up to find your untouched wallet still in your jacket pocket. He used it, though he couldn't remember its name or purpose.

He took the elevator to his floor and rummaged in his pocket for the Freeside chip that also served as his key. Slowly, sleepiness crept back. A good idea. Spread out on the sand-colored Temperschaum mattress and dive back into nothingness. They were waiting for him. There were three of them. Their seamless, white athletic wear and their stenciled tan stood in stark contrast to the handcrafted, organic beauty of the furniture. The girl sat on a wicker couch, an automatic pistol lying beside her on the cushion pattern.

"Turing," she said. "You're under arrest."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Er hielt das goldene Dunhill in seiner Hand und wog es auf. "Der Mann, den du Armitage nennst, ist bereits da", sagte er. "Corto?" Der Typ weitete die Augen. "Ja. Wie weißt du denn, dass er so heißt?" Ein Millimeterflammenzündel flackerte vom Feuerzeug auf. "Ich habe's vergessen", sagte Case. "Es wird dir wieder einfallen", meinte das Mädchen. Ihre Namen - oder Decknamen - waren Michelle, Roland und Pierre. Pierre sollte, wie Case vermutete, den bösen Bullen spielen; Roland sollte für Case Partei ergreifen, kleine Gefälligkeiten leisten - er suchte ein frisches Paket Yeheyuan, als Case eine Zigarette ablehnte - und im Allgemeinen ein Gegengewicht zu dem kalten, feindseligen Pierre bilden. Michelle sollte der dienstbare Geist sein und hier und da in die Verhöre eingreifen. Einer oder alle drei wären, da war Case sich sicher, mit Audio ausgestattet, wahrscheinlich sogar Simstim, so dass alles, was er sagte und tat, als Beweis verwendet werden könnte. "Wofür?" fragte er sich in seinem zermürbenden Drogen-Kater. Da sie wussten, dass er kein Französisch verstand, redeten sie offenherzig miteinander. Zumindest vermittelte dieser Eindruck. Auf jeden Fall hatte er genug mitbekommen: Namen wie Pauley, Armitage, Sense/Net, Panther Modems ragten wie Eisberge aus dem fröhlichen Meer des Pariser Französischen hervor. Dabei war durchaus denkbar, dass die Namen nur wegen ihm fielen. Wenn Molly erwähnt wurde, dann immer als Kolodny. "Du sagst, du wurdest für diese Sache angeheuert, Case", sagte Roland, der langsam sprach, um Verständnis auszudrücken: "ohne genauere Kenntnis über den 201

Zweck der Übung." Ist das nicht ungewöhnlich in deinem Gewerbe? Wärst du nach dem Durchbrechen der Verteidigung nicht in der Lage, die erforderliche Operation durchzuführen? Und sicherlich ist eine Operation irgendeiner Art erforderlich, oder? Er beugte sich vor, stützte die Ellbogen auf seine braunen, schimmernden Knie und drehte die Handflächen nach außen, um Case zum Antworten zu ermuntern. Pierre ging im Zimmer auf und ab; bald stand er am Fenster, bald an der Tür. Michelle war die Vorbereitete, folgerte Case. Ihr Blick wich ihm nicht. "Kann ich was anziehen?" fragte er. Pierre hatte darauf bestanden, ihn auszuziehen und die Nähte seiner Jeans zu durchsuchen. Case saß jetzt nackt auf einem Korbstuhl. Ein Fuß war schamrot. Roland fragte Pierre etwas auf Französisch. Pierre, der nun wieder am Fenster stand, spähte durch ein kleines, flaches Fernglas. "Non", sagte er abwesend und Roland sah Case mit schulterzuckendem und runzelndem Stirn an. Case fand, dass dies ein gunstiger Moment für ein Lächeln sei. Roland erwiderte das Lächeln. "Scheiße auf die Bullen, wie sie im Buche steht", dachte Case. "Schau her", sagte er. "Ich bin krank. Ich hatte diese verdammte Droge in einer Bar, klar? Ich will mich hinlegen. Ihr habt mich ja. Ihr sagt, ihr habt Armitage. Wenn ihr ihn habt, dann fragt ihn. Ich bin nur ein angeheuerter Helfer." Roland nickte. "Und Kolodny?" "Sie war bei Armitage, als er mich anheuerte. Nur Muskeln und Messerchen. So viel ich weiß. Nicht viel." "Du weißt, dass Armitage richtig Corto heißt", sagte Pierre, während er immer noch die Augen hinter den weichen Kunststoffrändern des Fernglases verbarg. "Woher weißt du das, Freund?" "Ich nehme an, er hat's mal erwähnt", sagte Case und bereute seinen Versprecher.  "Jeder hat ein paar Namen. Wie heißt du denn, Pierre?" "Wir wissen, wie du in Chiba wiederhergestellt wurdest", sagte Michelle, "und das war vielleicht der Fehler von Wintermute." Case sah sie so gleichgültig an wie er konnte. Dieser Name war bisher noch nicht gefallen.  "Der bei dir angewendete Prozess führte dazu, dass der Klinikinhaber sieben Patente angemeldet hat", sagte er. "Weißt du, was das bedeutet?"  "Nein."  "Es bedeutet, dass der Betreiber einer schwarzen Klinik in Chiba City nun eine Aktienmehrheit bei drei großen medizinischen Forschungskonsortien besitzt. Das stellt die übliche Ordnung auf den Kopf, verstehst du? Es hat Aufsehen erregt." Sie verschränkte die braunen Arme über den kleinen, hohen Brüsten und lehnte sich gegen das gemusterte Polster zurück. Case fragte sich, wie alt sie wohl sein mochte. Man sagt, das Alter lese sich in den Augen ab, aber ihm war das nie aufgefallen. Julie Deane hatte hinter seiner Rosenquarzbrille die Augen eines desinteressierten Zehnjährigen gehabt. An Michelle war bis auf die Knöchel nichts Altes. "Ihr habt mich in Sprawl verloren und aus den Augen geschafft und dann beim Abflug nach Istanbul wiedergefunden", sagte er. "Wir haben die Sache zurückverfolgt, lokalisiert euch im Gitter und schließlich festgestellt, dass du einen Aufruhr bei Sense/Net angezettelt hattest."  "In Istanbul" , sagte Roland eher kleinlaut, "war's ganz einfach. Die Frau hatte Armitages Kontakt zur Geheimpolizei mißbraucht."  "Und dann bist du hierher gekommen", sagte Pierre, der das Fernglas nun in die Tasche seiner Shorts steckte. "Wir waren erfreut."  "Was sollst du mit deiner Bräune anfangen?" fragte Michelle.  "Du weißt, was wir meinen", antwortete sie. "Wenn du dich absichtlich dumm stellst, machst du die Sache nur schlimmer für dich. Es gibt da zum Beispiel das Auslieferungsgesuch. Du wirst mit uns zurückkehren, Case, ebenso wie Armitage. Aber wohin genau werden wir alle gehen? In die Schweiz, wo du lediglich eine Randfigur im Prozess gegen eine künstliche Intelligenz sein wirst? Oder ins LeBAMA, wo Beweise gegen dich vorliegen, dass du nicht nur an einem Dateneinbruch und Diebstahl beteiligt warst, sondern auch an einem Landfriedensbruch, der vierzehn unschuldige Menschenleben forderte? Du hast die Wahl."  Case zog eine Yeheyuan aus der Schachtel; Pierre zündete sie ihm mit dem goldenen Dunhill an. "Würde Armitage dich decken?" Das Klicken des Deckels setzte ein Ausrufezeichen hinter die Frage.  Case blickte durch den Katatonie-Effekt des Beta-Phenylthylamins auf ihn hinauf. "Wie alt bist du, Boss?"  "Alt genug, um zu wissen, dass du fertig, erledigt bist, dass die Sache gelaufen ist und du im Weg stehst."  "Ich sage euch was", meinte Case und zog an seiner Zigarette. Er blies den Rauch ins Gesicht des Turing-Agenten hinauf.  "Seid ihr Leute hier draußen überhaupt zuständig? Ich meine, solltet ihr nicht die Sicherheitsbeamten von Freeside zu unsrer kleinen Versammlung hinzuziehen? Es ist ihr Territorium, oder?" Er sah, wie die dunklen Augen im schmalen Knaben-Gesicht aufblitzten und machte sich plötzlich bereit, aber Pierre zuckte nur mit der Achsel.  "Egal", sagte Roland.  "Du kommst mit uns. Wir kennen uns mit solchen Zuständigkeitsproblemen aus."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Er hielt die goldene Dunhill-Zigarette in seiner Hand und wog sie hin und her. "Der Mann, den du Armitage nennst, ist bereits da", sagte er. "Corto?", fragte der Mann und weitete seine Augen. "Ja. Woher weißt du seinen Namen?" Eine Millimeterflamme flackerte vom Feuerzeug auf. "Ich habe es vergessen", sagte Case. "Es wird dir wieder einfallen", meinte das Mädchen. Ihre Namen - oder Decknamen - waren Michelle, Roland und Pierre. Pierre sollte, wie Case vermutete, den bösen Bullen spielen; Roland sollte für Case Partei ergreifen, kleine Gefälligkeiten leisten - er suchte ein frisches Paket Yeheyuan, als Case eine Zigarre ablehnte - und im Allgemeinen ein Gegengewicht zu dem kalt schnäuzigen, feindseligen Pierre bilden. Michelle sollte der dienstbare Geist sein und hier und da in die Verhöre eingreifen. Einer oder alle drei wären, da war Case sich sicher, mit Audio ausgestattet, wahrscheinlich sogar Simstim, so dass alles, was er sagte und tat, als Beweis verwendet werden könnte. "Wofür?", fragte er sich in seinem zermürbenden Drogenkater. Da sie wussten, dass er kein Französisch verstand, redeten sie offenherzig miteinander. Zumindest vermittelte dieser Eindruck. Auf jeden Fall bekam er genug mit: Namen wie Pauley, Armitage, Sense/Net, Panther Modems ragten aus dem fröhlichen Meer des Pariser Französischen heraus. Dabei war durchaus denkbar, dass die Namen nur wegen ihm genannt wurden. Wenn Molly erwähnt wurde, dann immer als Kolodny. "Du sagst, du wurdest für diese Sache angeheuert, Case", sagte Roland, der langsam sprach, um Verständnis auszudrücken: "ohne genau zu wissen, worum es geht. Ist das nicht ungewöhnlich in deinem Geschäft? Wärtest du nach dem Durchbrechen der Verteidigung nicht in der Lage, die erforderliche Operation durchzuführen? Und sicherlich ist eine Operation irgendeiner Art erforderlich, oder?" Er beugte sich vor, stützte seine Ellbogen auf seine braunen, schlanken Knie und drehte die Handflächen nach außen, um Case zum Antworten zu ermuntern. Pierre ging im Zimmer auf und ab; bald stand er am Fenster, dann an der Tür. Michelle war die Vorbereitete, vermutete Case. Ihr Blick wich ihm nicht. "Kann ich etwas anziehen?", fragte er. Pierre hatte darauf bestanden, ihn auszuziehen und die Nähte seiner Jeans zu durchsuchen. Case saß jetzt nackt auf einem Korbstuhl. Ein Fuß war obszön weiß. Roland fragte Pierre etwas auf Französisch. Pierre, der nun wieder am Fenster stand, schaute durch ein kleines, flaches Fernglas. "Non", sagte er abwesend und Roland sah Case mit hochgezogenen Augenbrauen an. Case fand, dass dies ein gunstiger Moment für ein Lächeln sei. Roland erwiderte das Lächeln. "Scheiße, wie sie im Buche steht", dachte Case. "Schau her", sagte er. "Ich bin krank. Ich hatte diese verdammte Droge in einer Bar, klar? Ich will mich hinlegen. Ihr habt mich ja. Ihr sagt, ihr habt Armitage. Wenn ihr ihn habt, dann fragt ihn. Ich bin nur ein angeheuerter Helfer." Roland nickte. "Und Kolodny?" "Sie war bei Armitage, als er mich anheuerte. Nur Muskeln und Messerchen. So weit ich weiß." "Du weißt, dass Armitage richtig Corto heißt", sagte Pierre, während er immer noch das Fernglas hinter den weichen Kunststoffrändern verbarg. "Woher weißt du das, Freund?" "Ich nehme an, er hat's mal erwähnt", sagte Case und bereute seinen Versprecher. "Jeder hat ein paar Namen. Wie heißt du denn, Pierre?" "Wir wissen, wie du in Chiba wiederhergestellt wurdest", sagte Michelle, "und das war vielleicht der Fehler von Wintermute." Case sah sie so gleichgültig an, wie er konnte. Dieser Name war bisher noch nicht gefallen. "Der Prozess führte dazu, dass der Klinikinhaber sieben Patente angemeldet hat", erklärte Case. "Weißt du, was das bedeutet?" "Nein." "Es bedeutet, dass der Betreiber einer schwarzen Klinik in Chiba City nun eine Aktienmehrheit bei drei großen medizinischen Forschungskonsortien besitzt. Das stellt die übliche Ordnung auf den Kopf, verstehst du? Es hat Aufsehen erregt." Sie verschränkte die braunen Arme über den kleinen, hohen Brüsten und lehnte sich gegen das gemusterte Polster zurück. Case fragte sich, wie alt sie wohl sein mochte. Man sagt, das Alter lese sich in den Augen ab, aber ihm war das nie aufgefallen. Julie Deane hatte hinter seiner Rosenquarzbrille die Augen eines desinteressierten Zehnjährigen gehabt. An Michelle war bis auf die Knöchel nichts Altes. "Ihr habt mich in Sprawl verloren und aus den Augen verschwunden, bevor ihr mich beim Abflug nach Istanbul wiedergefunden habt", sagte Case. "Wir haben die Sache zurückverfolgt, lokalisiert euch im Gitter und schließlich festgestellt, dass du einen Aufruhr bei Sense/Net angezettelt hattest." Sense/Net hatte sich sehr kooperativ gezeigt. Sie führten eine Inventur durch und stellten fest, dass die ROM-Persönlichkeitskonstruktion von McCoy Pauley fehlte. "In Istanbul", sagte Roland eher zögerlich, "war es einfach. Die Frau hatte Armitages Kontakt zur Geheimpolizei missbraucht." "Und dann bist du hierher gekommen", sagte Pierre, während er das Fernglas in die Tasche seiner Shorts steckte. "Wir waren erfreut." "Wie kommt ihr an meine Bräune?" fragte Michelle. "Du weißt, was wir meinen", antwortete sie. "Wenn du dich absichtlich dumm stellst, machst du die Sache nur schlimmer für dich. Es gibt zum Beispiel das Auslieferungsgesuch. Du wirst mit uns zurückkehren, Case, ebenso wie Armitage. Aber wohin genau werden wir alle gehen? In die Schweiz, wo du lediglich eine Nebenfigur im Prozess gegen künstliche Intelligenz sein wirst? Oder ins L.A.B.A.M.A., wo Beweise gegen dich vorliegen, dass du nicht nur an einem Dateneinbruch und Diebstahl beteiligt warst, sondern auch an einem Landfriedensbruch, der vierzehn unschuldige Menschenleben forderte? Du hast die Wahl." Case nahm eine Yeheyuan aus der Schachtel; Pierre zündete sie ihm mit der goldenen Dunhill an. "Würde Armitage dich decken?" Das Klicken des Feuerzeugs, das sich schloss, setzte ein Ausrufezeichen hinter die Frage. Case sah durch den Kater des Betaphenthylamins zu ihm auf. "Wie alt bist du, Chef?", fragte er. "Alt genug, um zu wissen, dass du fertig, erledigt bist, dass die Sache gelaufen ist und du im Weg stehst", antwortete der Mann. "Ich sage euch was", sagte Case und zog an seiner Zigarette. Er blies den Rauch ins Gesicht des Turing-Agenten. "Seid ihr Leute hier draußen überhaupt zuständig? Ich meine, solltet ihr nicht die Sicherheitsbeamten von Freeside zu unserer kleinen Versammlung hinzuziehen? Es ist ihr Territorium, oder?" Er bemerkte, wie sich die dunklen Augen im schmalen Gesicht aufleuchteten und machte sich plötzlich bereit, aber Pierre rüschte nur mit der Achsel. "Egal", sagte Roland. "Du kommst mit uns. Wir kennen uns mit solchen Zuständigkeiten aus."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The contracts on which our Turing Register branch operates grant us great flexibility. And we ensure flexibility if necessary." He suddenly let the charming mask fall. His gaze became as piercing as Pierre's. "You're dumber than allowed," Michelle said, standing up with a gun in her hand. "You don't give a shit about humanity. For thousands of years humans have dreamed of a pact with demons. Now such a thing is possible. And what would you be rewarded for helping this entity to free itself and grow?" There was an unmistakable gloom in her voice, something a ten-year-old couldn't have mustered. "Get dressed now! You're coming with us. Together with Armitage left behind, you'll return to Geneva where you will testify against this intelligence." If not, we'll kill you." "Go ahead!" she commanded, pointing the gun at him—a sleek, black Walther with a silencer attached. "I'm already dressing," he said and stumbled towards the bed. His legs were still numb, heavy. He fumbled with a clean T-shirt. "A ship is ready. We'll destroy Pailey's construct with an impulse weapon." "That will be bad news for Sense/Net," Case said, thinking of the Hosaka evidence. "They're already in trouble for even possessing something like that." Case pulled the T-shirt over his head. He saw the Shuriken on the bed. Dead metal, his star. He reached for anger. It was gone. Time to give up, to get out... He thought of the poison sacs. "Meat," he murmured.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The contracts on which our Turing Register branch operates grant us great flexibility. And we provide flexibility when necessary, he said, suddenly letting the charming mask fall. His gaze became as piercing as Pierre's. "You're dumber than allowed," Michelle said, standing up with a gun in her hand. "You don't give a shit about humanity. For thousands of years, humans have dreamed of a pact with demons. Now such a thing is possible. And what would you be rewarded for helping this entity to free itself and grow?" There was an unmistakable gloom in her voice that a ten-year-old wouldn't have been able to muster. "Get dressed now! You're coming with us. Together with Armitage, who's still alive, we'll return to Geneva where you'll testify against this intelligence." If not, we'll kill you. Come on!" She aimed the gun at him, a sleek black Walther with a silencer attached. "I'm already dressing," he said and stumbled towards the bed. His legs were still numb, heavy. He fumbled with a clean T-shirt. "A ship is ready. We'll destroy Paulie's construction with an impulse weapon." "That will backfire on Net/Sense," Case said and thought about the evidence in Hosaka's. "They're already in trouble for even possessing such a thing." Case pulled the T-shirt over his head. He saw the Shuriken on the bed. Dead metal, his star. He reached for anger. It was gone. Time to give up, to get out... He thought about the poison sacks. "Meat," he murmured. In the elevator leading to the rooftop lawn, he thought of Molly. She might already be at Straylight Villa. Chasing Riviera. And probably being chased by Hideo, who was most likely the cloned ninja from the Finn's story, the one who had appeared to restore the talking head. He leaned his head against the matte black plastic-covered wall and closed his eyes. His limbs felt like wood, old, warped, soaked wood. Under the trees and colorful umbrellas, lunch was served. Roland and Michelle chatted merrily in French. Pierre followed behind them. Michelle held the gun to Case's chest, concealing it with a white canvas jacket draped over her arm. As they crossed the lawn and zigzagged around the trees and tables, he wondered if she would shoot him now that he was about to collapse. Black fur flickered at the edge of his vision field. He looked up at the brilliant, glowing band of Lado-Acheson machine and saw a butterfly swaying gracefully before the recorded sky. At the edge of the lawn, they reached the precipice of the cliff secured with a railing. Wild blueflowers swayed in the updraft from the chasm, the De siderata. Michelle shook her short, dark hair and gestured, saying something to Roland in French. She sounded genuinely happy. Case followed the gesture and saw reflecting lakes, sparkling casinos, turquoise rectangles of thousands of swimming pools, brown bodies of bathers, tiny like hieroglyphs, all nestled within the cradle of artificial gravity at the endless curve of Freeside's hull. They followed the railing to a beautiful wrought-iron bridge spanning the Desiderata. Michelle prodded him with the barrel of the Walther. "Take it easy. I can barely walk today." They had only covered a quarter of the bridge when the Microlight with its silent electric motor struck and tore Pierre's skullcap with its carbon fiber propeller. The shadow passed over them; Case felt warm blood spurting into his neck; then someone pulled him to the ground. He rolled to the side and saw Michelle lying on her knees on the ground, aiming both-handed. "In vain," he thought with the strange clarity of shock. She tried to shoot down the Microlight. And then he ran. He looked back as he passed the first tree. Roland was running after him. The frail double-decker crashed into the ice railing of the bridge, shattered, spun into the depth and dragged the girl with it. Roland hadn't looked back. His face was pale, his expression set. He bared his teeth, held something in his hand. The garden robot took care of him as he passed the same tree. It tumbled out of the well-kept crook, the crab-like formation with black-yellow cross stripes. "You killed her," Case gasped, running. "You crazy bastard killed them all..." 14 The small train raced at eighty kilometers per hour through its tunnel. Case kept his eyes closed. The shower had done him good. However, he had thrown up when he looked down and saw Pierre's blood streaming red over the white tiles. Gravity diminished as the spiral narrowed. Case felt sick to his stomach. Aerol waited with his roller at the ramp. "Case, we've got trouble," the voice in his earpiece cooed. He adjusted the volume and peered into Aerol's Lexan visor through the glass helmet. "We're going to Garvey, Aerol." "Yeah. Buckle up! But Garvey is trapped. The yacht that was here before came back. Now it has docked at Marcus Garvey." Turing? "Here before?" Case climbed onto the roller and fastened his seatbelt. "The Japanese yacht that delivered your package... Armitage." Confused images of wasps and spiders flashed through Case's mind as Marcus Garvey came into view. The small tug clung to the gray thorax of a sleek, insect-like ship five times its length. Gripper arms, mystically obscured in the raw sunlight of the vacuum space, clutched at the tangled hull of Garvey. A bright, undulating gangway stretched from the yacht, arching sideways around the propulsion and ending in the aft hatch. For some reason, this formation had something obscene about it, though it reminded him more of feeding than a sexual act. "What about Maelcum?" "Maelcum's fine. No one came down the tunnel. The yacht pilot talked to him. Stay calm, he said." As they passed the gray ship, Case saw the name HANIWA in swinging white capital letters under a long drawn-out Japanese kanji. "Not my cup of tea, man," Case said. "I think it's high time we make a run for it." "Maelcum says exactly the same thing, but Garvey can't get very far like that." Maelcum buzzed in broken English into his radio as Case passed through the front airlock and took off his helmet. "Aerol is back at Rocker," Case said. Maelcum, still mumbling into the microphone, nodded. Case peeled off his red Sanyo suit into a packing net and swung himself down to the g-net. "Look what this ghost is muttering, you," Maelcum said. "The computer keeps asking for you." "Who's up there in that thing?" "The same Japanese boy who was here before. And now your Mr. Armitage is involved. He comes from Freeside..." Case put on the electrodes and powered them up.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Dixie?" The Matrix presented him with the pink spheres of the Steel Combine in Sikkim. "What are you up to, kid? I'm hearing some scary stories. Hosaka is now double-crossed with a twin-lings bank on your boss's ship. Full steam ahead. Have you taken down any Turing Bulls?"

"Yes, Wintermute took care of them."

"Well, that won't last long. There are plenty more where they came from. Reinforcements will be arriving soon. I bet their decks swarm with flies in this grid sector like shit on a fly's ass. And your boss, Case... he says go, get moving right now!"

Case entered the FreeSide coordinates. "Let me just say this, Case..." The Matrix blurred and pulsed as the Flatline executed a complex series of jumps with speed and accuracy that left Case gaping in envy.

"Damn, Dixie..."

"Hey man, I used to do that when I was alive. You won't see anything. No hands!"

"That big green rectangle on the left?"

"Exactly. Data core of Tessier-Ashpool SA—and their two friendly AIs produce ice so pure it could rival a graveyard. Seems to be able to handle whatever they've got in the military sector, if you catch my drift. Devilish ice, Case, black as a grave and slippery as glass. It'll fry your brain just looking at it. If we get closer, we're going to get ear-to-ear and ass-to-the-decks access that'll rat us out to the guys in T-A-Z central about what size shoes you wear and how long your boner lasts."

"Sounds rough, huh? I mean, the Turings are involved. I was thinking we might abseil. I can take you with me."

210

"Yeah? Seriously? Don't want to see what the Chinese programming finish?"

"Well... Case stared at the green walls of T-A-E ice. "Damn right. We're going in!"

"Cut it! Hey, Maelcum," Case said as he unplugged, "I'm gonna be stuck on this E-trode for about eight straight hours."

Maelcum lit another joint. The cabin filled with smoke. "So I can't leave..."

"No problem, man." The Zionist made a forward somersault, opened the zipper of a net bag, rummaged through its contents, and pulled out rolled, transparent tubes and a sterilized item wrapped in plastic. He called it a Texas catheter. Case felt queasy. He shoved the Chinese virus program into the slot, paused, then pressed it all the way in.

"Alright," he said. "It's running. Listen, Maelcum, if things get really weird, grab me by the left wrist. I'll feel it. Do what Hosaka says, okay?"

"Sure thing, man."

Maelcum lit up another joint. Case relit his. "And turn on the scrubber. I don't want that shit hitting my neurotransmitters. I've already got a killer hangover."

Maelcum grinned. Case re-lit. "Holy crap," said the Finn. "Look at this!"

The Chinese virus spread throughout the area. Chroma-shifting shadows, countless layers of laser light dissolved...

211

and reformulated. A multi-faceted entity rose before them and filled the void.

"Jesus Christ," said the Flatline. "I'm gonna check Molly."

Case switched to Simstim. Freefall. The sensation of diving in crystal clear water. He floated, falling and rising through a wide tube of moon concrete illuminated every two meters by white neon rings.

The connection was one-way. He couldn't talk to her. He switched off.

"Kid, that software is fucking insane," he said. "The hottest thing since sliced bread. This damn thing's invisible. I just rented twenty seconds on the little pink box, four jumps left from T-A-E ice. I took a look at what we could see—nothing. We're not there."

Case scanned the Matrix around the Tessier-Ashpool ice and found the pink formation, a standard commercial unit. With a keystroke, he drew closer. "It might be defective," he said.

"Possible, but I don't think so. Our baby's military grade. And new. It just won't register. If it does, then as some kind of Chinese stealth attack, but no one seems to have noticed us—not even the people at Straylight."

Case watched the blank wall that shielded Straylight. "Well," he said, "that's an advantage, right?"

"Maybe." A laugh-like sound came from the structure. Case shivered. "I checked Kuang 11 one more time, man. It's really docile—as long as you're on the controls. Real friendly and helpful. Even speaks good English. Ever heard of a slow virus?"

"No."

"I have," said the Flatline. "It was just an idea back then. And that's about all Kuang has to offer, really. It bores and chews its way in. We interface with the ice, sort of slowly, so it doesn't notice anything. The front of Kuang logic pushes forward like a stealthy little ninja and mutates, matching itself exactly to the ice structure. Then we hook up, and the main program kicks in, arguing against the logic of the ice. We play Siamese twins with them before they even get twitchy."

212

The Flatline laughed. "You wouldn't find this so funny today, man. Your laugh is hitting me right in the gut."

"How sad," said the Flatline. "I need my laughter."

Case lay on his stomach on a pile of tattered magazines. In the dim glow of METRO HOLO GRAFIX, girls with sweet, white teeth smiled at him. He lay there until his heartbeat slowed, then breathed in the scent of old paper.

"Wintermute," he said. "Well, you said it."

"Get lost!" Case sat up and rubbed his wrists.

"Come on!" said the Finn, emerging from a kind of niche in the wall made of scrap metal. "This is better for you, man." He took out a Partagas from his jacket pocket and lit one. Cuban tobacco smoke filled the store.

"Should I appear to you as some burning bush in the Matrix?" he said. "Nothing gets out of here. An hour here is like a few seconds to you."

"Have you ever thought that maybe you're annoying me by appearing as people I know?" Case stood up and brushed off the black dust from his jeans. He turned, gazing grimly at the dusty display windows and the closed door to the street. "What's out there? New York? Or does it just stop?"

"Well," said the Finn, "it's like a tree, you know. It falls in the forest... but maybe no one hears it." He bared his big front teeth and took a drag on his cigarette. "You can take a walk if you want. Everything's here—at least everything you've ever seen before. This is memory, clear as day. I'm basically tapping into your mind, sorting through the stuff, and feeding it back to you."

213

"I don't have that good of a memory," Case said, looking around. He examined his hands, turned them over, and tried to recall how his palm lines looked, but he couldn't.

"Everyone has a good memory," said the Finn, dropping his cigarette and grinding it out with his heel. "But most people don't have access to theirs." Artists often do, if they're any good, he added. "If you can put this construct over reality... well, you get the idea."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Dixie?" The Matrix showed him the pink spheres of the Steel Combine in Sikkim. "What are you up to, kid? I'm hearing some scary stories. Hosaka is now double-crossed with a twin-bank on your boss's ship. Full steam ahead. Have you taken down any Turing Bulls?"

"Yes, Wintermute shut them down."

"Well, that won't last long. There are plenty more where they came from. They'll be reinforcing soon. I bet their decks swarm with flies in this grid sector like shit on a fly's ass. And your boss, Case, he says go. Get moving, now, he says."

Case entered the FreeSide coordinates. "Let me just say this, Case..." The Matrix blurred and pulsed as the Flatline executed a complex series of jumps with speed and accuracy that left Case envious.

"Shit, Dixie..."

"Hey man, I used to do that when I was alive. You won't see anything. No hands!"

"That big green rectangle on the left?"

"Exactly. Data core of Tessier-Ashpool SA. And their ice is produced by two friendly AIs. It seems to be able to handle everything they have in the military sector. Devilish ice, Case, black as a grave and slippery as glass. It'll fry your brain just looking at it. If we get closer, we'll get probed both ears and ass, the kind that betrays the guys at T-A-Z central about what size shoe you wear and how long your dick is."

"It doesn't look too hot, does it? I mean, the Turings are in. I was thinking maybe we should rappel down."

"No problem. You'll be attached to an E-trode for eight straight hours."

Maelcum lit another joint. The cabin filled with smoke. "So I can't leave..."

"Not a problem, man." The Zionist made a somersault, opened the zipper of a net bag, rummaged through its contents and pulled out rolled transparent tubes and a sterilized object wrapped in plastic. He called it Texas Catheter. Case felt uneasy. He shoved the Chinese virus program into the slot, paused, then pressed it all the way in.

"Alright," he said. "It's running. Listen, Maelcum, if it gets really weird, grab me by my left wrist. I'll feel it. Do what Hosaka says, okay?"

"Sure thing."

Maelcum lit up another one. Case relit as well. "Holy shit," the Finn said. "Look at this!"

The Chinese virus spread all around them. Chromatic shadows melted and reassembled in countless layers.

"Damn," said the Flatline. "I'm going to check Molly."

Case switched to Simstim. Freefall. A feeling of diving through crystal-clear water. He floated, falling and rising through a wide tube of moon concrete illuminated at two-meter intervals by white neon rings. The connection was one-way. He couldn't talk to her. He switched off.

"Dude," he said, "this software is fucking insane. It's the hottest thing since sliced bread. This damn thing is invisible. I just rented twenty seconds on that little pink box, four jumps left from T-A-Ice. I looked to see what we're supposed to be seeing. Nothing. We don't exist."

Case scanned the Matrix around Tessier-Ashpool Ice and found the pink structure, a typical commercial unit. He moved closer with a keystroke. "Maybe it's defective," he said.

"Possible, but I doubt it. Our baby is military-grade and new. It just won't register. If so, then as some kind of Chinese stealth attack, but no one seems to have noticed us, not even the people at Straylight."

Case watched the blank wall that shielded Straylight. "Well," he said, "that's a plus, right?"

"Maybe." A laugh-like sound came from the structure. Case shivered. "I've checked Kuang 11 again, man. It's really docile as long as you're at the helm. Incredibly friendly and helpful. Even speaks good English. Have you heard about a slow virus?"

"No."

"Me neither. It was just an idea back then. But that's pretty much all there is to it. It doesn't bore or fuck its way in. We interface with the ice, slowly, so it doesn't notice. The Kuang logic front pushes forward and mutates, matching exactly the structure of the ice. Then we attach and the main program kicks in, arguing in circles against the logic of the ice. We play Siamese twins with them before they even get remotely unsettled."

The Flatline laughed. "Damn, man, you wouldn't be so damn funny today. Your laugh is hitting my gut."

"Sad," said the Flatline. "I need my laughter."

Case switched off Simstim and crashed through debris. It smelled dusty. His palms slipped on slick paper. Something clattered behind him.

"Come on," said the Finn, emerging from a kind of niche in the wall made of scrap metal. "This is better for you, man." He took out a Partagas from his jacket pocket and lit one. Cuban tobacco smoke filled the shop.

"Should I appear to you as some burning bush in the Matrix?" he said. "Nothing gets out of here. An hour here is like a few seconds to you."

"Have you ever thought that maybe you're annoying me by appearing as people I know?" Case stood up and brushed off the bright dust from his black jeans. He turned, gazing grimly at the dusty display windows and the closed door to the street. "What's out there? New York? Or does it just stop here?"

"Well," said the Finn, "it's like a tree, you know. It falls in the forest, but maybe no one hears it." He grinned widely and took a drag on his cigarette. "You can take a stroll if you want. Everything's there. At least everything you've seen before. This is memory, clear as day. I'm basically tapping into your system, sorting things out and feeding them back to you."

"I don't have that good of a memory," said Case, looking around. He studied his hands, turned them over and tried to remember how his palm lines looked, but he couldn't.

"Everyone has a good memory," said the Finn, dropping the cigarette and stomping on it with his heel. "But most don't have access to theirs. Artists usually do if they're any good. If you can overlay this construct over reality, so to speak."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He examined the Finn's shop in lower Manhattan, then he would see a difference, though perhaps not as great as he imagined. For you, memory is holographic. "The Finn adjusted his small ear." "I'm different," he said. "What do you mean by holographic?" He had to think of Riviera when he uttered the word. "The holographic pattern is the closest approximation to human memory that you've developed. But you've never been able to make anything out of it, have you, humans? I mean." The Finn stepped forward, raised his wind-tunnel head and stared at Case. "Otherwise, perhaps this wouldn't have happened." "What does that even mean?" The Finn shrugged. His tattered tweed jacket was too wide on the shoulders and kept slipping out of its proper position. "I'm trying to help you, Case." "Why?" "Because I need you." His big yellow teeth appeared again. "And because you need me." "Nonsense. Can you read my thoughts, Finn?" He made a face. "Wintermute," he said. "You can't read thoughts. Look, you still have the patterns of the printed word in you, even though you're not much of a reader. I have access to your memory, but that's not the same as your thinking." He reached into an open case of an antique television and pulled out a silver-black vacuum tube. "Do you see this? Part of my DNA... " He threw it in a dark corner. Case heard it hit and shatter. "You're always building models. Stone circles, cathedrals. Pipe organs. Calculators. I have no idea why I'm here right now, do you?" "I don't understand a word." "You, that's meant collectively. Your species." "You killed Turing," the Finn said. "I had to, I had to. Don't get your pants in a twist; they wouldn't have held out long and chilled you anyway. At any rate, we should talk since you're here. Do you remember?" And with that, he held up the charred wasp nest from Case's dream. It smelled of gas in the cramped, dark space. Case stumbled back against a pile of junk. "Yes, it was me. With the holographic device in the window. Like the memory I sucked out of you when I made you brain-dead for the first time. Do you know why that's important?" Case shook his head. "Because... " And suddenly the nest disappeared - "it comes closest to how Tessier-Ashpool imagines humans. The human counterpart. Straylight is such a nest, or at least that was the plan. I guess now you feel better." "Better? " "Because you know how they are. You've had a deathly hatred for me at times. That's good. But hate them even more. There's a difference." "Listen," Case said and took a step forward, "they never did anything to me... unlike you..." But he couldn't feel the anger. "T-A made me," the Finn continued. "The French woman called you a demon." The Finn grinned. "It doesn't really matter. You'll hate someone before this thing runs. " He turned away and went into the store behind him. "Well, come on then, I'll show you a little of Straylight since you're here." He lifted a corner of the blanket. A blinding light burst forth. "Damn it!" Case exclaimed. "That's the front entrance," the Finn said with flapping coat sleeves. "It would be nice if this weren't my design, but there, where the store is, that's the main gate, at the top of the Free Side axis. Of course, everything will be a bit sparse on details since you have no memory. Except for what little you know from Molly..." Case sat up but immediately turned in a long spiral spiral. "Wait," the Finn said. "I'll do a quick scan." The walls began to blur. A disorienting sensation of head-over-heels movement, colors darting around corners and through narrow corridors. Once they seemed to pierce through a meter-thick wall that struck them with pitch black. "Here it is," the Finn said. They floated in the middle of a perfectly square room whose walls and ceiling were paneled with dark, rectangular wood. A square rug covered the floor with a microchip pattern whose circuits were laid out in sharp blue and fiery red. Right in the center of the room stood a white milk glass cube. "Straylight Villa," a glistening formation on the cube said with a melodic voice, "is an organic body, a grotesque plaything. Every square meter inside the villa is meticulously designed to hide its true nature, a hotel-room layout precision in the construction of the spindles. In Straylight, the interior surface of the shell is covered with tangled structures, flowing forms that merge and overlook the solid core of microcircuits, the economic heart of our clan, a silicon cylinder permeated by narrow maintenance shafts, often no wider than a man's hand. The colorful crabs, the drones, guard against chemical decay and sabotage." "That was what you saw in the restaurant," the Finn said. "Compared to the standard of the Archipelago," the voice continued, "we are a relatively old family. The twists of our home reflect this age. But they reflect something more. The semiotics of the villa bear witness to an inward-looking nature, a turn away from the shimmering emptiness beyond the shell." As Tessier and Ashpool climbed up the gravity shaft, it became clear that space had resisted them.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Only output the translated text, no explanations or additional comments.

Text to translate:

"Test, about the Finn's shop in lower Manhattan, then you'd see a difference, though perhaps not as great as you suppose. For you, memory is holographic." The Finn tugged at his small ear. "I'm different," he said. "What do you mean by holographic?" He had to think of Riviera when he said the word. "The holographic pattern is the closest approximation to human memory that you've developed. But you humans have never been able to make much use of it, I mean." The Finn stepped forward, raised his wind-tunnel-like head and peered at Case. "Otherwise, perhaps this wouldn't have happened." "What does that even mean?" The Finn shrugged. His tattered tweed jacket was too wide across the shoulders and wouldn't quite slip back into place. "I'm trying to help you, Case." "Why?" "Because I need you." The big yellow teeth appeared again. "And because you need me." "Nonsense. Can you read my thoughts, Finn?" He made a face. "Wintermute," he said. "You can't read thoughts. Look, you still have the patterns of the printed word in your mind, even though you're not much of a reader. I have access to your memory, but that's not the same as your thinking." He reached into the open case of an antique television set and pulled out a silver-black vacuum tube. "Do you see this? Part of my DNA, so to speak... He threw it in a dark corner. Case heard it hit and shatter. "You're always building models—stone circles, cathedrals, pipe organs, computers. I have no idea why I'm here now, do you?" "I don't understand a word." "You mean collectively," he said, referring to the human race. "Your species." "You killed Turing." The Finn shrugged. "Had to, had to. Don't worry about it; they wouldn't have hesitated for long and turned you into cold meat anyway. Anyway, we should talk while you're here. Remember this?" And he held up the charred wasp nest from Case's dream. It smelled of gasoline in the cramped, dark space. Case stumbled back against a pile of junk. "Yes, that was me. With the holographic device in the window. Like the memory I sucked out of you when I made you brain-dead for the first time. Do you know why it's important?" Case shook his head. "Because... and suddenly the nest disappeared... it comes closest to how Tessier-Ashpool envisions humanity—the human counterpart. Straylight is such a nest, or at least that was the idea. I think now you feel better." "Better? " "Because you know how they are. You've developed a killing hatred for me at times. That's good. But hate them even more." "Listen," Case said and stepped forward, "they never did anything to me... unlike you..." But he couldn't feel the anger. "TA made me, the French girl said I was selling my species, called me a demon." The Finn grinned. "It doesn't really matter. You'll hate someone before this thing runs. " He turned away and went into the shop behind him. "Well, come on, I'll show you a little of Straylight while you're here." He lifted a corner of the blanket. A blinding light streamed out. "Damn it!" Case exclaimed. "That's the front entrance," the Finn said with flapping jacket sleeves. "If this wasn't my design, then where the shop is would be the main gate, up on the Free-Side axis. Of course, everything will be a bit sparse in details since you have no memory of it. Except for what little you know from Molly..." Case sat up but immediately turned around in a long spiral. "Wait," the Finn said. "I'll do a quick scan." The walls blurred. A disorienting sensation of head-over movement, colors darting around corners and through narrow corridors. Once they seemed to penetrate a meter-thick wall that slammed into them with pitch black. "Here it is," the Finn said. They floated in the middle of a perfectly square room whose walls and ceiling were paneled in dark, rectangular wood. A square carpet covered the floor with a microchip pattern, its circuits laid out in sharp blue and fiery red. Right in the center of the room stood a white milk-glass cube. "The Straylight Villa," a glittering formation on the cube said in a melodic voice, "is an organic body, a grotesque plaything. Every square meter within the villa Straylight is meticulously designed, the endless rows of rooms connected by corridors and staircases that curl and twist like intestines... " "An essay by 3Jane," the Finn said, pulling out his party piece. "Written when she was twelve, in semiotics class." "The architects of Free-Side went to great lengths to conceal that the interior of the spindle is laid out with the precision of a hotel room fixture. In Straylight, the inner surface of the shell is covered with tangled structures, flowing forms that merge into one another and overlie the solid core of microcircuits—the economic heart of our clan, a silicon cylinder perforated with narrow maintenance shafts, often no wider than a man's hand. The colorful crabs, the drones, guard against chemical decay and sabotage." "That was what you saw in the restaurant," the Finn said. "Compared to the standard of the Archipelago, we are a relatively old family. The twists and turns of our home reflect this age. But they reflect something more. The semiotics of the villa bear witness to an inward-turned state, a turn away from the shimmering emptiness beyond the shell." As Tessier and Ashpool climbed the gravity shaft, it became clear that space itself had resisted them.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
В настоящее время они строили Фрисайд, чтобы раскрыть богатство новых островов, стали богатыми и эксцентричными и начали выращивать виллу Страйлайт. Мы спрятались за нашими деньгами, отвернулись от внешнего мира и создали собственную вселенную без границ. Вилла Страйлайт не знает неба, будь то нарисованное или другого рода. Силиконовый ядро виллы скрывает небольшую комнату, единственное прямолинейное помещение во всем здании. Там, на простом стеклянном подставе, стоит изысканная статуя, клошонная на платине с бусинами и лазуритовыми украшениями. Светлые камни глаз вырезаны из синтетического рубинового стекла из наблюдательного окна корабля, который принес первый образец из шахты и вернулся, чтобы забрать первый пул аша... Голова замолчала. "И? — в конце концов спросил Кейс, ожидая от этой конструкции ответа. — Она больше ничего не написала, — сказал финн. — Не закончила эссе. Тогда она была еще ребенком. Это конструкция какого-то церемониального терминала. Молли должна войти сюда и в нужное время произнести правильное слово. Вот в чем суть. Неважно, насколько глубоко вы и плоская линия пробираетесь с китайским вирусом, если это устройство не услышит волшебного слова". — И какое это слово? — спросил Кейс. — Я не знаю, — ответил финн. — Можно сказать, что я не знаю его, потому что я не могу знать это по определению. Если бы ты знал, человек, и сказал мне, я бы не знал. Это жестко встроенный в систему. Кто-то другой должен найти и принести его сюда, в то время как вы и плоская линия пробиваете лед и разрушаете внутреннюю структуру. — Что тогда произойдет? — спросил Кейс. — Я больше не существую после этого, — ответил финн. — Конец для меня. — С этим я согласен, — сказал Кейс. — Но будь осторожен, Кейс! Моя... э-э... кожа тоже вовлечена в игру, похоже. Горящий куст похож на смену. И Армитедж скоро начнет действовать. — Что ты имеешь в виду? — Но украшенный панелью комната сворачивалась в бесчисленных невозможных углах и исчезала в киберпространстве как орлиный оригами. — Ты хочешь уничтожить мой память, человек? — спросила плоская линия. — Ты уже был в коме на пять секунд. — Держись крепче! — сказал Кейс и нажал кнопку сим-сима. Она присела в темноте, прижимая руки к грубому бетону. Кейс, Кейс, Кейс, Кейс... Цифровой дисплей мигал, показывая его имя в альфа-цифровых буквах. Винтерматт привлек его внимание. — Отлично, — сказала она. Она присела, потирая руки и щелкая пальцами. — Что тебя остановило? — Время Молли, сейчас. — Она сжала язык между нижними передними зубами. Один из них слегка активировал ее микроканальные усилители. Неупорядоченный поток фотонов через темноту был преобразован в электронный поток. Бетон вокруг постепенно стал призрачно бледным и зернистым. — Хорошо, дорогая. Начнем игру! — Она обнаружила, что их убежище было просто каким-то техническим колодцем. Кейс полз по изящной решетчатой двери из покрытого туманом меди. Все, что он видел от ее рук и рук, указывало на то, что она снова надела костюм из поликарбоната. Под пластиком он чувствовал знакомое напряжение тонкой кожи. Что-то было спрятано в ремне или поясе под ее рукой. Она встала прямо, открыла застежку костюма и коснулась рукоятки пистолета с кубической текстурой. — Эй, Кейс, — сказала она, едва произнося слова, — ты слышишь? Расскажи себе историю... У меня когда-то был друг. Ты как-то напоминаешь мне его... — Она обернулась и взглянула в коридор. — Его звали Джонни. — Низкий, изогнутый коридор был украшен бесчисленными витринами музея, старомодными коричневыми деревянными шкафами с стеклянными передними стенками. Они выглядели довольно громоздко на органических изгибах коридора, как будто их здесь когда-то поставили для давно забытой цели. Матовые медные светильники несли белые шары света через интервалы в десять метров. Пол был неровным, и когда Молли начала двигаться по коридору, Кейс заметил, что сотни маленьких ковров и коверцев были расстелены в беспорядке. В некоторых местах их было даже шесть, так что ходить по этому пестрому коверцу из рукоплетенных волокон было мягко. Молли почти не обращала внимания на витрины и их содержимое, что расстроило Кейса. Он должен был довольствоваться ее скучающими взглядами, которые показывали ему осколки керамики, старые оружие, плотно заклеенный и, таким образом, неразличимый предмет, обрывки гобелена... — Мой Джонни, знаешь, он был хорошим парнем, очень горячим. Он начал как черный торговец на улице Памяти. У него были чипы в голове, где он прятал предметы за плату. В ту ночь, когда я его встретил, у него был Яку на шее. Я позаботился о его убийце. У него было больше удачи, чем обычно, но он его убил. После этого все стало мягко и сладко, Кейс. — Ее губы почти не двигались. Он чувствовал, как она формулировала слова, и ему их не нужно было слышать. — Мы договорились с кем-то так, чтобы мы могли отследить будущее его сохраненных данных. Мы все записали на ленту и начали оказывать давление на выбранных клиентов, бывших клиентов. Я был кассиром, мускулистым охранником, сторожем. Мне было очень счастливо. Я уже когда-то был счастлив, Кейс? Он был моим человеком. Мы работали вместе. Партнеры. Возможно, он был вне дома кукол уже восемь недель, когда я его встретил... — Она сделала паузу, осторожно свернувшись в узком повороте и продолжила идти. Опять блестящие деревянные шкафы в оттенке, напоминающем крылья кулинарных щипцов. — Мягко и сладко; так проходили дни. Никто не мог нам ничего сделать. Я обеспечивал это. Якуза. Думаю, они все еще хотели задницы Джонни. Потому что я убил его мужа. Потому что Джонни их предал. И такой Якуза может позволить себе двигаться очень медленно, он может ждать годы. Он дает тебе целую жизнь времени, чтобы ты потерял больше, когда они придут и заберут это у тебя. Пациентность как паук-спиннер. Я тогда не знал или хотя бы не хотел верить, что это не касается нас. Знаешь, если бы я...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
В настоящее время они строили Фрисайд, чтобы раскрыть богатство новых островов, стали богатыми и эксцентричными и начали выращивать виллу Страйлайт. Мы спрятались за нашими деньгами, отвернулись от внешнего мира и создали собственную вселенную без границ. Вилла Страйлайт не знает неба, будь то изображённое или другого рода. Силиконовый ядро виллы скрывает небольшую комнату — единственное прямолинейное помещение во всём здании. Там, на простом стеклянном постаменте, стоит изящная статуя, клошонная на платине с бусинами и лазуритовыми украшениями. Светлые камни глаз сделаны из синтетического рубинового стекла из наблюдательного окна корабля, который принёс первый груз из шахты и вернулся, чтобы забрать первую яму... Говорить перестало. «И что?» — в конце концов спросил Кейс, ожидая от этой конструкции ответа. — «Она больше ничего не написала», — ответил финн. — «Не закончила сочинение. Тогда я был ещё ребёнком. Это некое ритуальное терминальное устройство. Молли должна войти сюда и в нужное время произнести правильное слово. Вот в чём фишка. Не имеет значения, насколько глубоко вы и плоская линия проникли с китайским вирусом, если это устройство не услышит волшебного слова». — «И каково это слово?» — «Я не знаю», — ответил он. — «Можно сказать, я не знаю его, потому что я не могу его знать. Это по сути определение меня. Если бы ты знал, человек, и сказал бы мне, я бы не знал. Это навсегда запрограммировано». — «А как насчёт того, что произойдёт потом?» — «Я больше не существую после этого», — ответил он. — «Конец моей истории». — «С этим я согласен», — сказал Кейс. — «Но будь осторожен, Кейс! Моя... э-э... кожа тоже вовлечена в игру, похоже. Горящий куст похож на смену». — Вскоре Армитедж начнёт действовать». — «Что ты имеешь в виду?» Но украшенный панелью комната складывалась сотнями раз в невозможных углах и исчезала в киберпространстве как орлиный оригами. — «Не хочешь, чтобы я разрушил твой память, человек?» — «Пять секунд ты был в коме». — «Держись крепче!» — сказал Кейс и нажал кнопку симуляции. Она присела в темноте, положив руки на грубой бетон. — КЕИС КЕИС КЕИС КЕИС. Цифровая индикация мигала его именем в альфа-цифровых буквах. Винтерматт привлекла её внимание. — «Отлично», — сказала она. Она присела, потерла руки и щелкнула пальцами. — «Что тебя остановило?» — ВРЕМЯ МОЛЛИ ВРЕМЕНЬ СЕЙЧАС. Она сжала язык между нижними передними зубами. Один из них слегка активировал её микроканальные усилители. Неуправляемый поток фотонов в темноте был преобразован в электронный поток. Бетон вокруг стал пугающе бледным и зернистым. — «Хорошо, дорогая. Начнём игру!» Её укрытие оказалось каким-то техническим колодцем. Она ползла через роскошную решетчатую дверь из покрытого моссом меди. Небольшое количество того, что он видел на её руках и руках, показало ему, что она снова надела костюм из поликарбоната. Под пластиком он почувствовал знакомое напряжение тонкой кожи. Что-то было спрятано в ремне или ленте под рукой. Она встала прямо, открыла застёжку костюма и коснулась рукоятки пистолета с кубической текстурой. — «Эй, Кейс», — сказала она, едва произнося слова, — «ты слышишь? Расскажи историю... У меня был друг. Ты как-то напоминаешь мне его...» Она обернулась и бросила взгляд в коридор. — «Его звали Джонни». Коридор с изогнутыми стенами был украшен бесчисленными витринами музея, старомодными коричневыми шкафчиками с стеклянными передними панелями. Они казались громоздкими перед органически изгибающимися стенами, как будто их когда-то установили здесь для давно забытой цели. Матовые медные светильники несли белые шары света каждые десять метров. Пол был неровным, и когда Молли начала двигаться по коридору, Кейс заметил, что сотни маленьких ковров и килимов были расстелены в беспорядке. В некоторых местах они были уложены шестикратно, так что ходить по этому коверному ковру из рукоплетённой шерсти было мягко. Молли почти не обращала внимания на витрины и их содержимое, что расстроило Кейса. Ему пришлось довольствоваться её скучающими взглядами, которые показывали осколки керамики, старые оружие, плотно заклеенный и поэтому неразличимый предмет, оборванные фрагменты игры... — «Мой Джонни, знаешь, он был хорошим парнем, очень горячим. Он начал как торговец черным рынком на улице Памяти. У него были чипы в голове, где он прятал данные за плату. В ту ночь, когда я его встретил, у него был Якуза. Я позаботился о его убийце. У него было больше удачи, чем обычно, но он его убил. Потом всё стало мягче, очень сладко, Кейс». Её губы почти не двигались. Он чувствовал, как она формулирует слова, и слышать их ему не нужно было. — «Мы договорились с кем-то так, чтобы мы могли отследить будущее его сохранённых данных. Мы всё записали на ленту и начали оказывать давление на выбранных клиентов, бывших клиентов. Я был кассиром, мускулистым охранником, сторожем. Мне было очень хорошо. Я когда-то был счастлив, Кейс? Он был моим человеком. Мы работали вместе. Партнёры. Возможно, он уже восемь недель как покинул кукольный дом, когда я его встретил...» Она сделала паузу, осторожно свернувшись в узком повороте и продолжила идти. Опять блестящие деревянные шкафчики одного оттенка, напоминающего крылья кулинарных щитов. — «Было мягко, сладко; так проходили дни. Никто не мог нам ничего сделать. Я заботился об этом. Якуза. Думаю, они всё ещё хотели смерти Джонни. Потому что я убил его мужа. Потому что Джонни их предал. И такой Якуза может позволить себе двигаться очень медленно, он может ждать годы. Дать тебе целую жизнь времени, чтобы ты потерял больше, когда они придут и заберут это у тебя. Пациентность как паук, сплячий паук». Он тогда не знал или хотя бы не хотел верить, что это не касается их. Знаешь, если бы ты...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As a young person, I thought I was unique. I was young. Then they came. We thought we had enough to stop packing our bags and maybe go to Europe. Of course, we didn't know what to do there, as we no longer had anything to do. We lived luxuriously. Swiss orbital accounts and a house full of stuff and furniture. Boredom. The first one they sent was a hot guy. Reflexes, something you haven't seen before. In the plant and style, enough for ten ordinary guys. But the second one... I don't know, he was like a monk. Cloned. With every cell through and through killer. Death was in him, this silence that surrounded him like a cloud... She fell silent as the corridor split into two identical stairs. She took the left one. "Once, when I was still a little kid, we lived illegally in a hut that didn't belong to us, down by the Hudson, and the rats, man, they were really huge. Due to the chemicals they consumed. They grew as big as me. One rat scratched under the floor of the hut all night long. At dawn, someone dragged an old man with wrinkled cheeks and red eyes. He had a leather bundle wrapped in oil cloth where steel tools are wrapped so they don't rust. Unrolled it, there was an old revolver with three bullets inside. The old man loaded one bullet and walked back and forth in the hut. We held ourselves close to the walls. Back and forth. Arms crossed, head down. He seemed to have forgotten his gun. Listening for rats. We were as silent as mice. The old man took a step. The rat moved. The rat moves, he takes a step. That went on for an hour. Then maybe his gun slipped back into his mind. He aimed at the target, smiled, and pulled the trigger. Wrapped it up again and disappeared. Later I crawled downstairs. The rat had a hole between its eyes." She looked at the hermetically sealed doors along the corridor. "The second one who came to get Johnny was like that old man. Not old, but otherwise the same. Killed in this way." The corridor widened. The sea of carpets rippled under a giant chandelier whose lower crystal hangings almost reached the floor. Crystal rang as Molly entered the hall. THE THIRD DOOR ON THE LEFT blinked. She turned left, went around the upside-down crystal tree. "I only saw him once. On our way to our abode. He was coming out just then. We lived in a converted factory. Along with many young career types from Sense/Net and such. For one thing, the place was pretty well secured. For another, I had installed real hammers to make the place really tight. I knew Johnny was up there. But this dwarf saw me when he came out. He said not a word. We just looked at each other, and I knew it. Crept away. Johnny sat in a chair by the window, his mouth slightly open as if he still wanted to say something."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As a young person, I thought I was unique. I was young. Then they came. We thought we had enough to stop packing our bags and maybe go to Europe. Of course, we didn't know what we would do there, as we didn't have anything else to do. We lived luxuriously. Swiss orbital accounts and a house full of stuff and furniture. Boredom. The first one they sent was a hot guy. Reflexes, something you haven't seen before. In the plant and style, enough for ten ordinary guys. But the second... I don't know, he was like a monk. Cloned. With every cell through and through killer. Death was in him, that silence that surrounded him like a cloud... She fell silent as the corridor split into two identical stairs. She took the left one. "Once, when I was still a little kid, we lived illegally in a hut that didn't belong to us down by the Hudson, and the rats, man, they were really huge. Due to the chemicals they ingested. They grew as big as me. One rat scratched under the floor of the hut all night long. At dawn, someone dragged an old man with wrinkled cheeks and red eyes. He had a greasy leather bundle where steel tools are wrapped so they don't rust. He unrolled it, there was an old revolver with three bullets inside. The old man loaded one bullet and walked back and forth in the hut. We held on to the walls closely. Back and forth. Arms crossed, head down. He seemed to have forgotten his gun. He listened for the rat. We were as silent as mice. The old man took a step. The rat moved. The rat moved, he took a step. This went on for an hour. Then maybe his gun slipped back into his mind. He aimed at the target, smiled, and pulled the trigger. He rewrapped it and disappeared. Later I crawled down. The rat had a hole between its eyes." She surveyed the hermetically sealed doors along the corridor. "The second one who came to get Johnny was like that old man. Not old, but otherwise the same. Killed in this way." The corridor widened. The sea of carpets rippled under a gigantic chandelier whose lowest crystal pendent almost reached the floor. Crystal clinked as Molly entered the hall. THE THIRD DOOR ON THE LEFT blinked. She turned left, went around the upside-down crystal tree. "I only saw him once. On our way to our abode. He was just coming out. We lived in a converted factory, together with many young career types from Sense/Net and such. For one thing, the place was quite well secured. For another, I had installed real hammers to make the place really tight. I knew Johnny was up there. But this dwarf saw me when he came out. He said not a word. We just looked at each other, and I knew it. He walked away silently, got into a rickshaw. I knew it. I went upstairs. Johnny sat in a chair by the window, his mouth slightly open as if he still wanted to say something."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Мут установился над индикатором времени. ПЯТЬ ВНИЗ. Но она сначала открыла верхний отсек. Внутри оказалось не больше, чем плоское отделение. Пустое. Второй отсек был таким же пустым. Третий, немного глубже, содержал тупые металлические шарики и небольшое коричневое вещество, похожее на человеческий фаланг. В четвертом отделении она нашла испорченное техническое руководство на французском и японском языках. В пятом, за бронированной перчаткой тяжелого скафандра, она обнаружила ключ. Это выглядело как покрытое ржавчиной медное монету с прикрепленным к ней трубочкой. Молли поворачивала его в руках, и Кейс заметил, что внутри трубочки были зубцы и нити. На одной стороне монеты были выгравированы буквы CHUBB. Другая сторона была гладкая. "Это мне подсказало", - прошептала она. "Винтермут. Как он годами ждал. Тогда у него еще не было настоящей власти, но он мог использовать системы безопасности и охраны виллы, чтобы следить, что и где хранится, и куда что идет. Он видел, как кто-то потерял этот ключ двадцать лет назад, и мог заставить другого спрятать его здесь. Затем он убил того мальчика, который положил его сюда. Мальчику было восемь." Она закрыла пальцы над ключом. "Чтобы никто не нашел его." Она вытащила из кармана скафандра кусок черной нейлоновой веревки и протянула ее через круглое отверстие над буквами CHUBB. После того как она завязала узел, повесила его себе на шею. "Они прикидывались старомодными со своим товаром из девятнадцатого века", - сказал он, говоря так, будто ему нравилось это слово. Он выглядел точно так же, как финн на экране в мясном мешке. Я почти подумал, что это финн, если бы не моя преданность. Ее индикатор времени мигал, показывая время в алфавитных цифрах, накладывающихся на серый цвет стальных отсеков. "Он сказал, что если бы они стали тем, чем хотели, он давно бы сбежал. Но этого не произошло. Он провалился. Как и фрики, такие как 3Jane. Так он их и называл, но говорил так, будто им нравилось его название." Она повернулась, открыла дверь и вышла, держа в руке ручку флетчета на ленте. Кейс переключил режим. На экране появился "Куанг Град Марк 11". "Дикс, ты думаешь, это сработает?" - спросила она. "Как медведь в лесу?" Флетчер вывел ее в плавные слои радуги. В ядре китайской программы что-то темное сформировалось. Плотность информации подавила матричную структуру и вызвала гипнотические образы. Слабые, калейдоскопические углы сходились в одном серебряно-черном фокусе. Кейс видел зловещие знаки и символы несчастья из своего детства, пробивающиеся через прозрачные уровни: кресты хакеров, черепа с перекрещенными костями, кубики с светящимися глазами змеи. Когда он смотрел прямо в этот нулевой пункт, не было никаких очертаний. Только после дюжины быстрых взглядов он увидел то, что выглядело как акулоподобное образование, сверкающее как обсидиан. Черные зеркала по бокам отражали отдаленные слабые огни, которые не имели никакого отношения к окружающей матрице. "Это шип", - сказала конструкция. "Если Куанг будет хорошим и установит контакт с ядром Тессера-Аша, мы войдем внутрь." "Правильно, Дикс", - добавил он. "Он... Он... Осторожно! Это я постоянно говорю!" "Это код, слово", - сказал он. "Кто-то должен произнести его в странном терминале в определенной комнате, пока мы заботимся о том, что нас ждет за льдом." "Ну, у тебя есть время убить, старик", - сказала флетчер. "Наш Куанг действует медленно, но верно." Кейс выключил и снова включил. В Маэлкуме зрачки расширились. "Ты бы уже был мертв, если бы не это", - сказал он. "Это случается", - ответил Кейс. "Я постепенно привыкаю к этому". "Ты погружаешься в темные вещи", - сказал Маэлкам. "Это единственная игра в радиусе действия, как мне кажется". "Джевахова любовь, Кейс", - сказал Маэлкам и повернулся к своему радио-модулю. Кейс посмотрел на заплетенные волосы и мускулистые руки Маэлкума. Он снова включил устройство и переключился на другой режим. Молли спешила по коридору, похожему на предыдущий во многих отношениях. Здесь не было стеклянных витрин, и Кейс предположил, что они движутся в сторону конусов, поскольку гравитация ослабевала. Скоро Молли легко прыгала по волнам ковров. Легкое покалывание в ноге... Коридор внезапно стал шире, затем разделился после поворота. Она пошла направо и поднялась по невероятно крутой лестнице. Ее нога начала болеть. На потолке коридора, где начиналась лестница, были свисающие пучки проводов, как цветные ганглии. На стенах капала влага. Дойдя до треугольного выступа, она остановилась и потирала ногу. Опять коридоры, узкие коридоры с коврами на стенах. Они расходились в трех направлениях. "Давай посмотрим, хорошо?" - сказала Молли. "Просто не нервничай. У нас время". Она вошла в коридор, который уходил направо. "СТОП. ВТОРНИ. ОБЕЗОПАСНОСТЬ". Она остановилась. Из полуоткрытой двери в конце коридора доносился громкий и ропящий голос, похожий на голос пьяного. Кейс думал, что это по-французски, но было слишком неясно. Молли сделала шаг вперед, затем еще один. Ее рука скользнула в карман скафандра к флетчету. Когда она попала в зону нейронного шума, ее уши зазвенели от звука, напоминающего звук ее флетчета. Ее полосатая мышца расслабилась; она упала вперед и ударилась головой о дверь. Она свернулась в кулак и легла на спину. Ее глаза были размытыми, дыхание остановилось. "Что это такое?" - спросил ропящий голос. "Костюм?" Рука дрожащим образом протянулась в ее скафандр, нашла флетчер и вытащила его. "Приходи, ребенок, поиграем со мной!" Она медленно встала. Ее глаза были прикованы к флетчету.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Мут установился над индикатором времени. ПЯТЬ ВНИЗ. Но сначала она открыла верхний отсек. Внутри оказалось не больше, чем плоское отделение. Пустое. Второй отсек был таким же пустым. Третий, немного глубже, содержал затупленные металлические шарики и небольшое, коричневое вещество, напоминающее человеческий фаланг. В четвертом отделении было найдено разорвавшееся экземпляр избыточного технического руководства на французском и японском языках. В пятом она обнаружила ключ за бронированной перчаткой тяжелого скафандра для космического пространства, спрятанный за спиной. Это вещество выглядело как окисленный медный монетный знак с прикрепленным к нему трубочкой. Молли медленно крутнула его в руках, и Кейс заметил, что внутри трубочки были зубцы и нити. Буквы CHUBB были отпечатаны на одной стороне монеты. Другая сторона была гладкой. "Я знала", - шепнула она. "Винтермут. Как он так долго ждал. Тогда у него еще не было настоящей власти, но он мог использовать системы безопасности и охраны виллы, чтобы следить за тем, что хранится и куда что доставляется. Он видел, как кто-то потерял этот ключ двадцать лет назад и смог заставить другого спрятать его здесь. Затем он убил мальчика, который положил его сюда. Мальчику было восемь." Она закрыла пальцы над ключом. "Чтобы никто не нашел его." Она достала из кармана скафандра кусок черной нити из нейлона и проткнула ее круглым отверстием над буквами CHUBB. После того как она завязала узел, она повесила его себе на шею. "Они прикидывались старомодными своими вещами из девятнадцатого века", - сказал он, ссылаясь на их принадлежность. Он выглядел точно так же, как финн на экране в пупке манекена. Я почти подумал, что это и есть финн, если бы я не была столь явной. Ее индикатор времени мигал, отображая аффилированные цифры на сером фоне стальных отсеков. "Он сказал, что если бы они стали тем, чем хотели, он давно уже сбежал бы. Но они не стали. Это пошло наперекосяк им. Как 3Jane. Так он их и называл, но говорил так, как будто ему нравились." Она повернулась, открыла дверь и вышла, держа в руке ручку флетчета на ленте. Кейс переключился. На экране появился "Куанг Град Марк 11". "Дикс, ты думаешь, это сработает?" - спросила она. "Как медведь в лесу?" Ответ пришел в виде плавных слоев радуги. В ядре китайской программы что-то темное сформировалось. Информационная плотность подавила матрицу и вызвала гипнотические образы. Холодные, калейдоскопические углы сходились в одном серебряно-черном фокусе. Кейс видел зловещие знаки и символы несчастья из своего детства, пробивающиеся сквозь прозрачные уровни: кресты хакеров, черепа с скрещенными костями, кубики с светящимися глазами змеи. Когда он смотрел прямо в этот нуль, не было никаких очертаний. Только после дюжины быстрых взглядов он увидел это, похожее на акулу образ, сверкающее как обсидиан. Черные зеркала по бокам отражали отдаленные, слабые огни, не связанные с окружающей матрицей. "Это шип", - сказала конструкция. "Если Куанг будет хорошим и получит контакт с ядром Тессера-Аш-пула, мы очистим его." "Прав ты, Дикс", - добавил он. "Он... Он... Остерегайся! Это я постоянно говорю!" "Это код, слово", - сказал он. "Кто-то должен произнести его в странном терминале в определенной комнате, пока мы заботимся о том, что нас ждет за льдом." "Ну, у тебя есть время убить, старик", - сказала флетчет. "Наш Куанг работает медленно, но верно." Кейс выключился. В глазах Мэлкума было безумие. "Ты бы уже был мертв, если бы не это", - сказал он. "Это случается", - ответил Кейс. "Я привыкаю к этому постепенно". "Ты позволяешь себе погружаться в темные вещи", - сказал Мэлкулм. "Это единственная игра в этом районе, насколько я вижу". "Иехова люби тебя, Кейс", - сказал Мэлкулм и повернулся к своему радиомодулю. Кейс посмотрел на свои заплетенные волосы и мускулистые руки на темных руках. Он снова включился. И переключился. Молли спешила по коридору, похожему на предыдущий во многих отношениях. Здесь не было стеклянных витрин, и Кейс предположил, что они движутся в сторону конусов, поскольку гравитация ослабевала. Скоро Молли легко прыгала через волны коверных гор. Легкое покалывание в ноге... Коридор внезапно стал узким, затем разделился после поворота. Она пошла направо и поднялась по невероятно крутой лестнице. Ее нога начала болеть. На потолке лестницы висели пучки проводов, как цветные ганглии. На стенах капала влага. Дойдя до треугольного выступа, она остановилась и потирала ногу. Снова коридоры, узкие коридоры с тканевыми обоями на стенах. Они расходились в трех направлениях. "Давай посмотрим, хорошо?" - сказала она. "Только не нервничай. У нас время". Она вошла в коридор, который поворачивал направо. "СТОП. ВОЗВРАТ. ОПАСНОСТЬ". Она колебалась. Из полуоткрытой двери дуба в конце коридора доносился громкий, ропщий голос, как у пьяного. Кейс думал, что это по-французски, но было слишком неясно. Молли сделала шаг вперед, затем еще один. Ее рука скользнула в карман скафандра к флетчету. Когда она попала в нейронную помеху, ее уши зазвенели от звука, напоминающего звук ее флетчета. Ее полосатая мышца расслабилась; она упала вперед и ударилась головой о дверь. Она свернулась в кулак и легла на спину. Ее глаза были размытыми, дыхание остановилось. "Что это такое?" - спросил ропщий голос. "Костюм?" Рука дрожащим образом протянулась в ее скафандр, нашла флетчет и вытащила его. "Приходи, ребенок, поиграй со мной!" Она медленно встала. Ее глаза были прикованы к флетчету.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Усть черного автоматического пистолета. Рука мужчины была довольно спокойной; ствол пістолета казался прикрепленным к его горлу напряженной невидимой нитью. Он был стар, очень стар, и его черты напомнили Кейсу девочку, которую он видел в двадцатом веке. Он носил тяжелое платье из каштанового шелка с длинными подшитыми манжетами и воротником-шалькой. Один из его ног был обнажен, а другой был в черном шелковом слипоне с вышитым золотым лисом над щиколоткой. Он проводил ее по комнате жестами. "Медленно, дорогая." Комната была очень большой и заполнена всяким странным хламом, который вызывал у Кейса отвращение. Он увидел стальную раму с старомодными мониторами Sony, широкую кровать из медного металла, полную овечьих шкур и подушек, очевидно, сделанных из того же материала, что и пол в коридорах. Глаза Молли блуждали от огромной игровой консоли до полок с старинными пластиковыми и картонными обложками виниловых пластин и, наконец, к большому рабочему столу, покрытому силиконовыми волокнами. Кейс заметил киберпространственное устройство и электронный дракон, но взгляд Молли быстро скользнул мимо них. "Было бы обычным", - сказал старик, - "теперь убить тебя." Кейс почувствовал, как она напряглась, приготовившись к прыжку. "Но сегодня ночью я решу по-другому." - "Как тебя зовут?" - "Молли." - "Молли. Меня зовут Ашпул." Он опустился в мягкое кожаное кресло с четырьмя угловыми хромовыми ножками, но пистолет не отступил от нее. Он положил стрелку на стол рядом с креслом, случайно перевернув пластиковую бутылку с красными таблетками. На столе были разбросаны бутылки, спиртные напитки и мягкие пакетики, из которых вырывались белые порошки. Кейс заметил старинную стеклянную иглу и тонкий стальной ложечку. "Как ты плачешь, Молли?" - спросил он, - "Я вижу, твои глаза отекли. Было бы интересно узнать." У него были красные круги вокруг глаз, а на лбу блестел пот. Он был очень бледным. Болен, пришло Кейсу в голову. Или под воздействием наркотиков. "Я не часто плачу", - ответила она. - "Но как ты плачешь, если кто-то заставляет тебя?" - "Просто так", - сказала она. - "Тракторы слиты с губами." - "Тогда ты уже получила важный урок для своего юного возраста." Рука с пистолетом теперь лежала на его колене, пока он неумолимо схватил бутылку из половины дюжины спиртных напитков на столе рядом с креслом. Он выпил. Бренди. Напиток тек из угла его рта. "Так и справляешься со слезами." Он снова выпил. - "Я занят сегодня ночью, Молли. Я построил все это, и теперь я занят. Смертью." - "Я могу исчезнуть оттуда, откуда пришла", - сказала она. Он хихикнул хриплым, резким смехом. "Ты врываешься, мешаешь моему самоубийству и требуешь, чтобы я просто тебя отпустил? Правда, ты меня удивляешь. Воровка." - "Это касается моего шеи, босс, больше у меня нет", - сказала она. - "Я хочу вытащить свой зад из этого целым." - "Ты жесткая штука. Самоубийство здесь проводится с определенным уважением. Это то, что я делаю, понимаешь? Но, возможно, я заберу тебя в ад... Действительно египетский поступок со моей стороны." Он снова выпил. - "Приходи сюда!" - Он протянул ей бутылку дрожащей рукой. - "Пей!" Она покачала головой. - "Это не отравлено", - сказал он, но вернул бренди на стол. - "Сядь! Сядь на пол!" - "О чем?" Она села. Кейс почувствовал, как когти слегка двигались под ногтями. - "О том, что нам вздумается." - "Что ты думаешь?" Он вспомнил. Баки были из терракоты, водяные нимфы из хрома. Как их суставы сияли на закате в саду... Я старый, Молли. Более двухсот лет, если считать холод. Холод." Внезапно он рванул бутылку вверх, дрожа. Мышцы ее бедер напряглись как стальные тросы. - "Можешь получить обморожение", - осторожно заметила она. - "Ничего не горит", - сказал он нетерпеливо и опустил оружие. Его скудные движения становились все более рыхлыми. Его голова качалась. Ему трудно было это остановить. - "Ничего не горит. Я знаю это сейчас. Ядро сказало мне, что наши умственные способности сойдут с ума. Те миллиарды, которые мы тогда вложили... Когда искусственный интеллект был еще довольно рискованным делом. Я сказал ядру, что я займусь этим. Плохое время, действительно. Жан сейчас внизу в Мельбурне, и только наша сладкая Джейн управляет здесь делами. Или очень хорошее время. Что думаешь, Молли?" Опять пистолет поднялся. - "В вилле Страйтлайт происходит что-то странное", - сказала она. - "Босс", - сказала она, - "знаешь Зиммуте?" - "Имя, да. Имя, которое, возможно, творит чудеса. Дьявольский принц, без сомнения. В мои времена, дорогая Молли, я знал много принцев. И не так уж и мало дам. Даже одна испанская королева однажды лежала в этой постели... Но я отвлекаюсь." Он кашлянул, тяжело и с усилием, и выплюнул на ковер рядом со своим обнаженным ногой. - "И как я отвлекаюсь. В холоде. Но скоро это закончится. Я разморозил Джейн, когда проснулся. Странно, что каждый несколько десятилетий лежать в постели с женщиной, которая по-правильному является твоей собственной дочерью." Его взгляд скользнул мимо нее к ряду пустых мониторов. Он казался дрожащим от холода. - "Глаза Мари-Франс", - слабо сказал он и улыбнулся. - "Мы вызываем аллергическую реакцию мозга на некоторые собственные нейротрансмиттеры, что вызывает особенно уязвимую форму болезненной самоидентификации." Его голова наклонилась в сторону, а затем поднялась. - "Я слышал, что сейчас это легче сделать с помощью встроенного микрочипа", - сказал он. Пистолет скользнул из его руки и упал на ковер. - "Сны растут медленно как лед", - сказал он.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Усть черного автоматического пистолета. Рука мужчины была теперь довольно спокойной; ствол пистолета казалось, был прикреплен к его горлу натянутой невидимой нитью. Он был стар, очень стар, и его черты напомнили Кейсу девушку, которую он видел в двадцатом веке. Он носил тяжелое платье из каштанового шелка с длинными подшитыми манжетами и воротником-шалькой. Один из его ног был обнажен, другой был в черном шелковом слипоне с вышитым золотистым лисом над щиколоткой. Он проводил ее в комнату жестами. "Медленно, дорогая." Комната была очень большой и заполнена всяким странным хламом, который вызывал у Кейса отвращение. Он увидел стальную раму с старомодными мониторами Sony, широкую медную кровать, полную овечьих шкур и подушек, очевидно, сделанных из того же материала, что и напольное покрытие в коридорах. Глаза Молли блуждали от огромной телепатической развлекательной консоли к полкам с старинными пластиковыми и картонными обложками виниловых пластин, а затем к большому рабочему столу, покрытому силиконовыми волокнами. Кейс заметил киберпространственное устройство и этронный дрожж, но взгляд Молли быстро скользнул мимо них. "Было бы обычным", - сказал старик, - "теперь убить тебя." Кейс почувствовал, как она напряглась, приготовившись к прыжку. "Но сегодня ночью я решу по-другому." - "Как тебя зовут?" - "Молли." - "Молли. Меня зовут Ашпул." Он опустился на рваную мягкую кожу огромного кресла с четырьмя угловатыми хромовыми ножками, но пистолет не сдвинулся с ее руки. Он положил стрелку на стол рядом с креслом, случайно опрокинув пластиковую бутылочку с красными таблетками. На столе лежали бутылочки, спиртные напитки и мягкие пакетики, из которых вырывались белые порошки. Кейс заметил старинную стеклянную иглу и тонкую стальную ложку. "Как ты плачешь, Молли?" - спросил он, - "Я вижу, твои глаза отекли. Было бы интересно узнать." У него были красные кольца вокруг глаз и пот на лбу. Он был очень бледным. Болен, пришел к выводу Кейс. Или под воздействием наркотиков. "Я не часто плачу", - ответила она. - "Но как ты плачешь, если кто-то заставляет тебя?" - "Слизью", - сказала она. - "Траки в рот перенесены." - "Тогда ты уже получила важный урок для своего юного возраста." Рука с пистолетом теперь лежала на его колене, когда он, небрежно, схватил бутылку из половины дюжины спиртных напитков на столе рядом с креслом. Он выпил. Бренди. Напиток тек из уголков его рта. "Так и надо обращаться со слезами." Он снова выпил. - "Я занят сегодня ночью, Молли. Я построил все это, и теперь я занят. Смертью". - "Я могу исчезнуть оттуда, откуда пришла", - сказала она. Он хихикнул хриплым, резким смехом. "Ты врываешься, мешаешь моему самоубийству и требуешь, чтобы я просто тебя отпустил? Правда, ты меня удивляешь. Воровка." - "Это касается моего шеи, босс, больше у меня нет ничего", - сказала она. - "Я хочу вытащить свой зад из этого места целиком". - "Ты жесткая штука. Самоубийство здесь проводится с определенным достоинством. Это то, что я делаю, понимаешь? Но, возможно, я заберу тебя в ад... Действительно египетский поступок со моей стороны." Он снова выпил. - "Приходи сюда!" - Он протянул ей бутылку дрожащей рукой. - "Пей!" Она покачала головой. - "Это не отравлено", - сказал он, но вернул бренди на стол. - "Садись! Садись на стул!" - "О чем?" Она села. Кейс почувствовал, как ножки ее ног слегка двигались под ногтями. - "О том, что придет в голову". - "Что ты имеешь в виду?" Он вспомнил. Плечи ее дрожали. - "Бакены были из терракоты, водяные нимфы из хрома. Как их бедра сияли на закате в саду..." - Я стар, Молли. Более двухсот лет, если считать холод. Холод." Внезапно он рванул бутылку вверх, дрожа. Мышцы ее ног были напряжены как стальные тросы. - "Можешь получить морозную ожог", - осторожно заметила она. - "Ничего не горит", - сказал он нетерпеливо и опустил оружие. Его движения становились все более скользкими. Его голова качалась. Ему было трудно это остановить. - "Ничего не горит. Я знаю это сейчас. Ядро сказало мне, что наши интеллекты играют с умами. Те миллиарды, которые мы тогда вложили... Когда искусственный интеллект был еще довольно рискованным предприятием. Я сказал ядру, что займусь этим. Плохо скоординированный час, действительно. Жан сейчас внизу в Мельбурне, и только наша сладкая Джейн управляет здесь делами. Или очень хороший час. Что ты думаешь, Молли?" Опять пистолет поднялся. - "Странные вещи происходят в вилле Страйтлайт". - "Босс", - сказала она, - "знаешь Зиммуте?" - "Имя, да. Имя, которое, возможно, творит чудеса. Дьявольский принц, без сомнения. В мои времена, дорогая Молли, я знал многих принцев. И не так мало дам. Даже одна испанская королева однажды спала в этой постели..." Но он отвлекся. - "Я проснулся и обнаружил Джейн, растопленную, как лед. Странно, что каждый раз через несколько десятилетий лежать с женщиной, которая в правовом смысле является твоей собственной дочерью". Его взгляд скользнул мимо нее к ряду пустых мониторов. Он похолодел. - "Глаза Мари-Франс", - сказал он слабым голосом и улыбнулся. - "Мы вызываем аллергическую реакцию мозга на определенные собственные нейротрансмиттеры, что вызывает особенно чувствительную форму болезненной идентичности". Его голова наклонилась в сторону, затем снова поднялась. - "Слышал, теперь это легче сделать с помощью встроенного микрочипа", - сказал он. Пистолет скользнул из его руки и упал на пол. - "Мечты растут медленно, как лед", - сказал он.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
His face had a blue stroke to it. His head sank back onto the waiting leather, and he started snoring.  Up, grab the gun. Ashpool's automatic in her hand, she walked through the room. A massive duvet lay next to the bed in a broad pool of congealed blood, glistening thickly on the patterned carpets. As she pushed back a corner of the duvet, she discovered a girl whose white shoulder blades were smeared with blood. Her throat was slit open. The triangular blade of some sort of switchblade gleamed in the dark pool. Molly went down on her knees, careful not to get covered in blood, and turned the dead girl's face towards the light. The face Case had seen at the restaurant.  It clicked, right in the heart of things, and the world froze. Molly's Simstim transmission was frozen into a still image. Her fingers lingered on the girl's cheek. The still image lasted three seconds, then the face morphed into Linda Lee's face.  Another click, and the room swam. Molly stood there, looking at the golden laser disc next to a small console on the marble nightstand top. A light guide ran like a whip cord from the console to a contact on the slender neck.  "Know the number, asshole," Case said, feeling his lips move somewhere far away. He knew Wintermute had altered the transmission. Molly hadn't seen how the girl's face dissolved into smoke and became Linda Lee's death mask.  Molly turned away. She went to Ashpool's chair. 

235

The man breathed shallowly and gaspingly. She looked at the mess of drugs and alcohol. She put down his pistol, picked up her dart, set the barrel to single shot, and carefully squeezed a poison dart into the closed left eyelid. The man twitched briefly, his breathing failing in mid-inhale. His other eye, brown and unreadable, slowly opened.  It was still open when Molly turned away and left the room.  

"Get your boss on," said the flatline. "The second Hosaka on that other ship up there, the one we snatched. Called Haniwa." 
"I know," Case said. "I've seen it."

A triangle of white light pushed itself in front of him and obscured Tessier-Ashpool's ice; it showed the wild, razor-sharp, completely insane face of Armitage with his empty button eyes. Armitage blinked. Stared. 
"I guess Wintermute took care of your Turing too, huh? Just like he took care of mine," Case said. 

Armitage stared. Case resisted the sudden urge to look away, to lower his gaze. "You okay, Armitage?"
"Case," and for a moment it seemed something stirred behind the blue stare -  "you've seen Wintermute, right? In the Matrix." 
Case nodded. A camera on the front of his Hosaka in Marcus Garvey would relay the gesture to the monitor in Haniwa. He imagined Maelcum, unable to hear Construction and Armitage's trancelike mumbling. 
"Case," - and his eyes widened as Armitage bent over his computer - "what do you see him as?" 
"As a high-resolution Simstim construct." 
"Who?" 
"Who? Finne... the last time... before that, a pimp... I..." 
"Not General Girling?" 
"General who?" The triangle turned black. 
"Let it replay! Have the Hosaka check," he told the construct. He switched off. 
The perspective disoriented him. Molly crouched between steel trusses, two meters above a wide, patchy concrete floor. The room was either a hangar or a service cell. Case could see three spacecraft, none larger than Garvey and all in various repair phases. Japanese voices. Someone in an orange overall emerged from a crack in the hull of a bulging construction vehicle and stood next to one of its piston-driven arms that looked surprisingly human. The man tapped something into a portable console and scratched his ribs. A cart-like, red drone rolled on gray balloon tires into view. 
CASE blinked her chip. "Hey," she said. "I'll wait for someone to show me the way." She sat back on her heels. The arms and knees of her modern suit showed the blue-gray of the trusses. Her leg throbbed steadily, painfully.  "Should've taken Chin," she muttered. 

Something ticked softly from the darkness, moving closer to his shoulder height. It stopped. The ball-shaped body swayed on long, curved spin legs, fired a microsecond flash of diffused laser light and froze. It was a Micro drone brand Braun. Case had once owned a similar model, a useless toy he'd gotten in a hardware dealer swap with a Cleveland collector. The thing looked like a stylized, matte-black spider crab. A red LED at the equator of the sphere began pulsing. The body wasn't bigger than a baseball.  "Okay," she said, "I'm receiving you." She stood up, shifting her weight to her left leg, and watched as the drone reversed direction. Methodically, she searched for a way back on the truss and disappeared into the darkness. Molly turned back to the service cell. The man in orange sealed the front of a white vacuum suit. She watched him put on the helmet and seal it, take his console and disappear again through the crack in the construction vehicle's hull. Motors roared, and the thing glided on a ten-meter circle on the floor, disappearing into a blinding arc lamp light. The red drone waited patiently at the edge of the hole left by the elevator platform. 

Already it followed Braun, weaving through a forest of sweat-slicked steel trusses. 
The Braun blinked its LED constantly, signaling her forward. 
"How's it going, Case? Back in Garvey with Maelcum? Sure thing. And plugged in. I like that, you know? It's like I always have these little conversations with myself when I'm stuck, you know? Act as if I had a friend, people I can trust, tell them what I feel... talk myself into believing they'd tell me what they think...  That's how I get by. And it's the same with you. This scene with Ashpool..." She bit her lip as she rounded a truss and kept an eye on the drone. 
"I was expecting something less, you know? Not this bunch of wide-eyed fuckwads, some kind of glowing light behind their foreheads or something... I don't like how it smells here, I don't like how it looks here..." 
The drone clambered up a near-invisible ladder of U-shaped steel bars to a narrow, dark opening. 
"And when I trust you, baby, maybe I should confess that I wasn't really expecting to make it out of this with my ass intact. I've been sitting on this sinking ship for a while now, and you're the only bright spot since I took Armitage on." She looked up at the black circle. The drone's LED blinked. 
"Not saying you're the best, though." She smiled, if only briefly. As she started to climb, her teeth gritted together against the searing pain in her leg. The ladder led up a metal tube just wide enough for her shoulders. 
She ascended from gravity into weightlessness. Her chip pulsed the time.  16:23:04. It had been a long day. The clarity of her sensory input tempered the nagging beta-phenethylamine that still clung to Case. He bore the pain in his leg.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Sein Gesicht hatte einen Stich ins Blaue bekommen. Sein Kopf sank aufs wartende Leder zurück, und er fing an zu schnarchen. Auf, die Knarre packen. Ashpools Automatik in der Hand, ging sie durchs Zimmer. Eine riesige Steppdecke lag neben dem Bett in einer breiten Lache geronnenen Bluts, das dick auf den gemusterten Teppichen glänzte. Als sie einen Zipfel der Decke zurückschlug, entdeckte sie ein Mädchen, dessen weiße Schulterblätter mit Blut besudelt waren. Der Hals war aufgeschlitzt. Die dreieckige Klinge irgendeines Streichmessers blitzte daneben in der dunklen Lache. Molly ging auf die Knie, wobei sie darauf achtete, sich nicht voller Blut zu machen, und drehte das Gesicht des toten Mädchens zum Licht. Das Gesicht, das Case im Restaurant gesehen hatte. Es machte klick, mitten im Kern aller Dinge, und die Welt erstarrte. Mollys Simstim-Übertragung wurde angehalten zum Standbild. Ihre Finger verharrten an der Wange des Mädchens. Das Standbild dauerte drei Sekunden, dann wandelte sich das Gesicht, wurde zum Gesicht von Linda Lee. Wieder ein Klicken, und das Zimmer wurde verschwommen. Molly stand da, blickte auf die goldene Laserplatte neben einer kleinen Console auf der Marmorfläche des Nachttischchens. Ein Lichtleitband lief wie eine Koppelleine von der Console zu einem Kontakt am schlanken Nacken. "Kenn die Nummer, Knackarsch", sagte Case, der spürte, wie sich irgendwo weit entfernt seine Lippen bewegten. Er wußte, dass Wintermute die Übertragung abgeändert hatte. Molly hatte nicht gesehen, wie das Gesicht des toten Mädchens sich in Rauch auflöste und zur Totenmaske von Linda Lee wurde. Molly wandte sich ab. Sie ging zu Ashpools Stuhl.

Der Mann atmete flach und stoßweise. Sie blickte auf das Durcheinander von Drogen und Alkohol. Sie legte seine Pistole hin, hob ihre Flechette auf, stellte den Lauf auf Einzelschuss ein und setzte sorgfältig mitten in das geschlossene linke Augenlid einen Giftpfeil. Der Mann zuckte kurz, seine Atmung versagte mitten im Luftholen. Das andere Auge, braun und unergründlich, ging langsam auf. Es war noch offen, als Molly sich abwandte und aus dem Zimmer ging.

"Hab deinen Boß dran", sagte die Flatline. "Über den zweiten Hosaka in dem anderen Schiff dort oben, das wir huckepack genommen haben. Heißt Haniwa." "Weiß ich", sagte Case. "Ich hab's gesehen." Eine Raute aus weißem Licht schob sich vor ihn und verbarg das Eis von Tessier-Ashpool; sie zeigte das ruhige, gestochen scharfe, total irre Gesicht von Armitage mit seinen leeren Knopfaugen. Armitage blinzelte. Starrte. "Schätze, Wintermute kümmerte sich auch um deine Turings, was? Wie er sich um meine kümmerte", sagte Case. Armitage starrte. Case widerstand dem plötzlichen Drang, wegzusehen, den Blick zu senken. "Du okay, Armitage?" "Case", und einen Moment lang schien sich etwas hinter dem blauen Starren zu regen - "du hast Wintermute gesehen, nicht wahr? In der Matrix." Case nickte. Eine Kamera an der Frontseite seines Hosaka in der Marcus Garvey würde die Geste auf den Monitor in der Haniwa übertragen. Er stellte sich vor, wie Maelcum, der die Konstruktion und Armitage nicht hören konnte, seinem tranceartigen Gestammel lauschte.

"Case", und die Augen wurden größer, als Armitage sich zu seinem Computer beugte - "als was siehst du ihn?" "Als hochauflösende Simstim-Konstruktion." "Als wen?" "Als Finne, 's letzte Mal... Davor als 'nen Zuhälter, den ich..." "Nicht als General Girling?" "General wer?" Die Raute wurde schwarz. "Lass das zurücklaufen! Der Hosaka soll nachsehen", sagte er zur Konstruktion. Er schaltete um. Die Perspektive verwirrte ihn. Molly kauerte zwischen Stahlträgern, zwei Meter über einem breiten, fleckigen Betonboden. Der Raum war ein Hangar oder eine Servicezelle. Case konnte drei Raumschiffe sehen, keines größer als die Garvey und alle in verschiedenen Reparaturphasen. Japanische Stimmen. Jemand in einem orangen Overall trat aus einem Spalt im Rumpf eines wulstigen Baufahrzeugs und stellte sich neben einen seiner Arme, die Kolbenantrieb hatten und sonderbar menschlich wirkten. Der Mann tippte etwas in eine tragbare Console und kratzte sich an den Rippen. Eine karrenähnliche, rote Drohne rollte auf grauen Ballonreifen ins Blickfeld.

CASE blinkte ihr Chip. "He", sagte sie. "Warte darauf, dass mir jemand den Weg zeigt." Sie hockte sich auf die Fersen. Die Arme und Knie ihres Modern-Anzugs zeigten das Blaugrau der lackierten Träger. Ihr Bein schmerzte jetzt anhaltend, stechend. "Hätte zu Chin sollen", meinte sie. Etwas kam leise tickend aus der Dunkelheit, näherte sich in der Höhe ihrer Schulter. Es hielt inne. Der kugelförmige Körper schwankte auf langen, gekrümmten Spinnebeinen, feuerte einen Mikrosekundenblitz von diffuserem Laserlicht ab und erstarrte. Es war eine Mikrodrohne der Marke Braun. Case hatte schon mal ein solches Modell besessen, ein nutzloses Spielzeug, das er im Zuge eines Sammelgeschäfts mit einem Hardware-Händler aus Cleveland erhalten hatte. Das Ding sah aus wie ein stilisierter, mattschwarzer Weberknecht. Eine rote LED am Äquator der Kugel begann zu pulsieren. Der Körper war nicht größer als ein Baseball. "Okay", sagte sie, "ich empfange dich." Sie stand auf, wobei sie ihr Gewicht aufs linke Bein verlagerte, und verfolgte, wie die Drohne kehrtmachte. Methodisch suchte sie auf dem Träger einen Weg zurück und verschwand im Dunkeln. Molly wandte sich noch einmal zur Servicezelle um. Der Mann im orangen Overall versiegelte die Vorderseite einer weißen Vakuumausrüstung. Sie sah zu, wie er den Helm beringte und versiegelte, seine Console an sich nahm und wieder durch den Spalt im Rumpf des Konstruktionsfahrzeugs verschwand. Motoren heulten auf, und das Ding glitt auf einem Zehn-Meter-Kreis am Boden, der in gleißendem Bogenlampenlicht versank, außer Sicht. Die rote Drohne wartete geduldig am Rand des Lochs, das die Aufzugplattform hinterlassen hatte.

Schon folgte sie dem Braun, lavierte sich durch einen Wald von verschweißten Stahlstreben. Der Braun blinkte ständig mit seiner LED, winkte sie vorwärts. "Wie geht's, Case? Wieder in der Garvey bei Maelcum? Sicher. Und eingesteckt. Ich mag das, weißt du? Es ist so, dass ich immer Selbstgespräche führe, wenn ich in der Klemme sitze. Tu so, als hätte ich 'nen Freund, Leute, denen ich trauen kann, denen ich erzähle, was ich empfinde. Rede mir ein, sie würden mir erzählen, was sie darüber denken, und so geh ich halt meinen Weg. Mit dir ist das auch so. Diese Szene mit dem Ashpool..." Sie biss sich auf die Unterlippe, während sie eine Strebe umrundete und die Drohne im Auge behielt. "Ich hab was weniger Abwegiges erwartet, verstehst du? Ich meine, diese Leute hier sind breitgeklatschte Scheiße, haben 'ne Art Leuchtschrift hinter der Stirn stehen oder so. Gefällt mir nicht, wie's hier aussieht, gefällt mir nicht, wie's hier riecht..."

Die Drohne hangelte sich eine fast unsichtbare Leiter mit U-förmigen Stahlsprossen zu einer schmalen, dunklen Öffnung hinauf. "Und wenn ich dich schon ins Vertrauen ziehe, bist du die einzige positive Abwechslung seit ich mich Armitage verpflichtet habe." Sie blickte zum schwarzen Kreis hinauf. Die LED der kletternden Drohne blinkte. "Nicht daß du der Übertyp bist." Sie lächelte, wenn auch viel zu kurz. Als sie zu klettern anfing, biss sie die Zähne zusammen beim stechenden Schmerz im Bein. Die Leiter führte eine Metallröhre hinauf, die gerade breit genug für ihre Schultern war. Sie stieg aus der Schwerkraft zur schwerelosen Achse hinauf. Ihr Chip pulsierte die Zeit. 16:23:04. Es war ein langer Tag gewesen. Die Klarheit ihres Sorgeniums milderte das lästige Betaphenethylamin, das Case nach wie vor zusetzte. Er zog den Schmerz in seinem Bein vor.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
CASE: 0000 00000000000 0000000000. "I guess you've got your problems too," she said after a pause, shifting all her weight onto her right leg. She looked down; a weak circle of light, no bigger than the brass plate of the CHUBB key hanging between her breasts. She looked up; nothing to see. She pressed her tongue against her amplifier, and the tube stretched into infinity. The brown one climbed the rungs. "Nobody said anything," she remarked. The case was open. "Maelcum..." "You, your boss, he's off his rocker." The Zionite wore a blue Sanyo vacuum suit that was twenty years older than what Case had rented in Freeside. He held his helmet under his arm and had packed his mane into a purple cotton net of knotted yarn. His pupils were slit-shaped from the grass and tension. "Constantly issuing orders, you do, spouting off about a Babylonian war..." Maelcum shook his head. "I've spoken to Aerol, and he to Zion. The Founders say get out, get away from here." He wiped his broad, brown palm over his mouth. "Armitage?" Case tensed as the beta-phenethylamine hangover hit him full force, now that the protective effects of the Matrix and Simstim were gone. There are no nerves in my brain, he thought, it can't hurt so bad. "What do you mean, man? He issues orders? What kind?" "You, Armitage, you keep saying I should head for Finland, get it? Says there's hope, right? Shows up on my monitor with a lot of 241 blood on his shirt, crazy as a dog, rambling about screaming fists and Russia and the blood of traitors that's coming for us." He shook his head again; the net bounced in the sweat. His mouth tightened. "The Founders say the silent voice** is a false prophet, and Aerol and I are to leave Marcus Garvey and return." 
"Is Armitage hurt? Bleeding?" "Can't tell you, man. But he's bleeding, Case. And totally nuts." "OK," said Case. "And what about me? You're going home. What about me, Maelcum?" "You," said Maelcum, "you come with me! We're heading to Zion with Aerol and the Babylon Rockers. Let Mr. Armitage talk to the ghost tape - from ghost to ghost..." 
Case glanced briefly over his shoulder: his rented suit hung in the net where he'd stuffed it, swaying in the draft from an old Russian scrubber. He closed his eyes. He saw the toxin sacs dissolving in his arteries. He saw Molly climbing the endless steel rungs. He opened his eyes. 
"Don't know, man," he said with a strange taste in his mouth. He looked down at his deck, his hands. "Don't know." He looked up again. The brown face was now calm and focused. Maelcums chin was hidden behind the high ring of his old blue suit. "She's in," he said. "Molly's inside. In Straylight, that's the villa. If there is a Babylon, man, this is it. We leave her or she doesn't come out, whether knife or not." 
Maelcum nodded. The crocheted cotton net bounced like a balloon. "Your girl, Case?" 
"Don't know. Maybe nobody's girl." He shrugged. And found his anger returning, sharp as a hot stone splinter under his ribs. "Fuck off," he said. "Fuck you, Armitage, fuck you, Wintermute, fuck you! I'm staying here." 
A smile lit Maelcums face. "Maelcum's a tough guy, Case. Garvey is Maelcum's ship." He pressed a button with his gloved hand, and the bassy, rocky sound of Zion boomed from the speakers of the trawler. "Maelcum won't run, no. I'll talk to Aerol. He'll see it too." 
Case widened his eyes. "I don't get you guys at all," he said. 
"Neither do I, you," said the Zionite, nodding to the music, "but we have to act in Jehovah's love, each of us." 
Case switched on Matrix. 
"Can you hear me?" 
"Yes." He saw that the Chinese program was active; fine arcs of flowing, multi-colored colors streaked toward T-A Ice. 
"Now get tougher," said the voice. "Your boss wiped Hosaka's memory and almost gave us away. You, your buddy Wintermute, cleared me up before it went black. That Straylight isn't exactly crawling with Tessier-Ashpools; most are in cryosleep. There's a law firm in London that runs its business. They should know who's awake when. Armitage routed transmissions from London to Straylight through his Hosaka on the yacht. By the way, they know the old man is dead." 
"Who knows?" 
"The lawyers and T-A. He had a medical monitoring sonde on his sternum. Not that the arrow of your sweet one would have left much for the resuscitation team to do. Neurotoxin. But the only T-A in Straylight, as far as we know, is Lady 3Jane Marie-France. There's another male T-A, a few years older and just arriving from Australia. If you ask me, I'd bet Wintermute pulled strings so that Jeans presence was required to handle this deal. But he's already on his way home now or about to be. The London lawyers name an estimated time of 21:00:00 tonight for Straylight. We introduced Kuang at 14:32:03. It is now  16:45:20. 
Estimating that Kuang penetrated the T-A core at most +/- 20:30:00, I think Wintermute and 3Jane have something going on, or she'd be just as crazy as her age. But the guy coming up from Melbourne knows his stuff. The Straylight security systems are constantly trying to sound alarms, but Wintermute blocks them somehow. He couldn't shut down the main gate, though, to let Molly in. Armitage had all that saved in his Hosaka; Riviera must have talked 3Jane into it. She's been able to manipulate gates and exits for years. It seems to me one of T-A's biggest problems is that every better family member messes up databases with personal mumbo jumbo and special rules. It's kind of...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
CASE: 0000 00000000000 0000000000. "I guess you have your problems too," she said after a pause, shifting her weight onto her right leg. She looked down; a faint ring of light, no bigger than the brass plate on the CHUBB key fob dangling between her breasts. She looked up; nothing to see. She pressed her tongue against her amplifier and the tube stretched out into infinity. The browns climbed the rungs. "No one's said anything about it," she added. The case was open. "Maelcum..." "You, your boss, he's off his rocker." The Zionite wore a blue Sanyo vacuum suit that was twenty years older than what Case had rented in Freeside. He held his helmet under his arm and had packed his mane into a purple cotton net. His pupils were slit-shaped from the grass and tension. "Constantly giving orders, you do, starts a Babylonian war..." Maelcum shook his head. "Spoke to Aerol, and he spoke to Zion. The founders say get out of here, away from here." He ran his broad, brown palm over his mouth. "Armitage?" Case tensed as the beta-phenethylamine hangover hit him full force, now that the protective effects of the Matrix and Simstim were gone. There are no nerves in my brain, he thought, it can't hurt this much. "What do you mean? He gives orders? What kind?" "You, Armitage, you're always saying I should head for Finland, get it? You say there's hope, understand? It shows on my monitor with a lot of 241 blood on your shirt, you look like a dog, rambling about screaming fists and Russia and the blood of traitors that's coming for us." He shook his head again; the net bounced in the silence. His mouth tightened. "The founders say the silent voice* is a false prophet and Aerol and I should leave Marcus Garvey and come back." "Is Armitage hurt? Bleeding?" "Can't tell, you. But he's bleeding, totally crazy, Case." "Okay," Case said. 
"And what about me? You're going home. What about me, Maelcum?" "You," Maelcum replied, "you're coming with me! We're going to Zion with Aerol and the Babylon Rockers. Let Mr. Armitage talk to the ghost cassette - from ghost to ghost..." Case glanced briefly over his shoulder: his rented suit hung in the net where he'd stored it, swaying in the draft from an old Russian scraper. He closed his eyes. He saw the toxin sacs breaking down in his arteries. He saw Molly climbing over the endless steel bars. He opened his eyes. 
"Don't know, man," he said with a strange taste in his mouth. He looked at his deck, his hands. "Don't know." He looked up again. The brown face was now calm and focused. Maelcums chin was hidden behind the high ring of his old blue suit. "She's inside," he said. "Molly is inside. In Straylight, that's what they call the villa. If there's a Babylon, man, this is it. We leave her in the lurch, she doesn't come out, whether knife or not." Maelcum nodded. The crocheted cotton net bounced like a balloon. 
"Your girl, Case?" "Don't know. Maybe nobody's girl." He shrugged and found his anger again, sharp as a hot stone splinter under his ribs. "Fuck you," he said. "Fuck you, Armitage, fuck you Wintermute! I'm staying here." A smile lit up Maelcums face. 
"Maelcum's a tough guy, Case. Garvey is Maelcum's ship." He pressed a button on his gloved hand and the bassy, rocky sound of Zion boomed from the speakers of the trawler. "Maelcum doesn't run away, no. I'll talk to Aerol. He'll see it too." 
Case widened his eyes. "I don't understand you guys at all," he said. 
"Neither do I, you," the Zionite replied, nodding along to the music, "but we have to act in Jehovah's love, each of us." Case switched on Matrix. 
"Do you hear me?" 
"Yes." He saw that the Chinese program was active; delicate arcs of flowing, multi-colored colors stretched toward T-A ice. 
"Now go harder," the voice said. "Your boss wiped Hosaka's memory and almost gave us away. You, your buddy Wintermute, cleared things up before it went black. That Straylight isn't exactly crawling with Tessier-Ashpool folks, most of them are in cryosleep. There's a law firm in London that handles their business. They should know who's awake when. Armitage routed transmissions from London to Straylight through his Hosaka on the yacht. By the way, they know the old man is dead." 
"Who knows?" 
"The lawyers and T-A. He had a medical monitoring sonde on his sternum. Not that the arrow of your sweetie would have left much work for the resuscitation team. Neurotoxin. But the only T-A awake in Straylight is Lady 3Jane Marie-France. There's another male T-A, a few years older and just arriving from Australia. If you ask me, I'd bet Wintermute pulled strings to get Jeans presence required for this deal. But he's already on his way home now or right before it. The lawyers in London give an estimated time of 21:00:00 tonight for Straylight. We injected Kuang at 14:32:03. It is now 16:45:20. 
Roughly speaking, Kuang penetrated the T-A core at most around plus/minus 20:30:00. I think something's going on between Wintermute and 3Jane or she'd be just as crazy as her age." But the guy coming up from Melbourne knows his stuff. The Straylight security systems are constantly trying to trigger a general alarm, but Wintermute blocks them somehow. He couldn't disable the main gate though, to let Molly in. Armitage had everything stored in his Hosaka; Riviera must have talked 3Jane into it. She's been able to manipulate gates and exits for years. It seems one of T-A's biggest problems is that every better family member messes up the databanks with personal junk and exceptions. It's kind of like...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As if your immune system had collapsed. Ready for the virus. It looks good for us once we make it through the ice. "Okay," but Wintermute said Arm... A white diamond leapt into the frame, filled with zoomed-in blue eyes, mad eyes. Case was stunned. Colonel Willie Corto, Special Forces, Screaming Fist intervention troops, had found his way back. The image was blurry, jerking, unfocused. Corto used the navigation deck of the Haniwa to connect with Hosaka on the Marcus Garvey. "Case, I need damage reports for Omaha Thunder." "Sir... Colonel?" "Hold on, kid! Think about your training." But where were you, man? he asked silently through the tormented eyes. Wintermute had built something called Armitage into the catatonic bulwark of a certain Corto. He'd convinced Corto that Armitage was the real deal, and Armitage had been wandering around, talking, scheming, amassing capital through data trading... And now Armitage was gone, blown away by the storms of Corto's madness. But where had Corto been all these years? Fallen, burned and blinded from the Siberian hell. "Case, it will be hard for you to get past this, I know," he said, his voice breaking. "You're an officer. The training... I understand." But Sir, Colonel, what exactly are we supposed to do now? I mean, right now. "Our duty now is to escape. To retreat. We can make it to the Finnish border by tonight. Manual low-fly over the peaks. On the floorboard, kid. But that will only be the beginning." He squeezed his blue eyes together over the tear-stained cheeks. "Only the beginning. Betrayal from above... From... " He stepped back from the camera, dark spots on his torn shirt. Armitage's face had been mask-like and rigid, but Corto's visage was a schizoid grin. The disease distorted his mimicry, disfigured the expensive work of the plastic surgeon.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As if your immune system had collapsed. Ready for the virus. It looks good for us once we make it through the ice, he says. "Okay," but Wintermute said Arm... A white triangle jumps into the frame, filled with zoomed-in blue eyes, mad eyes. Case is stunned. Colonel Willie Corto, Special Forces, intervention troops Screaming Fist, had found his way back. The image was blurry, jerky, and out of focus. Corto used the navigation deck of the Haniwa to connect with Hosaka on the Marcus Garvey. "Case, I need damage reports for Omaha Thunder." "Colonel?" "Hold on, kid! Think about your training." But where were you, man? he asks silently through the tormented eyes. Wintermute had embedded Armitage in the catatonic fortress of a certain Corto. He convinced Corto that Armitage was the real deal, and Armitage moved around, talked, maneuvered, accumulated capital through data trading... And now Armitage is gone, blown away by the storms of Corto's madness. But where has Corto been all these years? Fallen, burned, and blinded from the Siberian hell. "Case, it will be hard for you to get used to this, I know," he says, his voice breaking. "But, Case, we have been betrayed, and God is my witness." Tears pour out of the blue eyes. "Colonel, ah, who? Who betrayed us?" "General Girling, Case. You might know him under a codename. You know who I mean." 245

"Yes," Case says as tears continue to flow. "I believe you, Sir," he impulsively adds. "But, Sir, Colonel, what exactly should we do now? I mean, right now." "Our duty now is to escape. To get out. We can make it to the Finnish border by tonight. Manual low-fly over the peaks. On the ground, kid. But that will only be the beginning," he says, squeezing his blue eyes on the tear-stained cheeks. "Only the beginning. Betrayal from above... from above..." He steps back from the camera, dark spots on his torn shirt. Armitage's face was mask-like and rigid, but Corto's expression was a schizoid grin. The disease distorted his mimicry, disfiguring the expensive work of a plastic surgeon.  "Colonel, I hear you," Case says, wiping away tears. "Everything okay, Colonel? Please, open... ah... fuck, what's it called, Dix?" "Mid-hatch," the flatline responds. "Open the mid-hatch! Just tell your central console to do it, right? We'll be up in a jiffy, Colonel. Then we can figure out how to get out." The triangle disappears. "Man, I don't think you quite understood me earlier," the flatline says. "The toxin... that fucking toxin," Case says and turns off.  "Poison?" Maelcum watches over the scratched, blue shoulder of his old Sanyo as Case struggles out of his g-Net.  "And get this fucking thing off... " He tugs at the Texas catheter. "Some slow-acting poison, and that son of a bitch up top knows the antidote... he's crazier than a shit-house rat now." He fiddles with the front of his red Sanyo, having completely forgotten how to close it.  "The Boss, did he poison you?" Maelcum scratches his cheek.  "I've got a first aid kit, you know?" "Maelcum, Jesus Christ, help me with this fucking suit!" The Zionite pushes off from the pink pilot module and says, "Take your time, that's what they say. We'll get there... " There was air in the crumpled gangway leading from the rear hatch of the Marcus Garvey to the mid-hatch of the yacht Haniwa, but they still kept their hands closed. Maelcum navigated the transfer with the grace of a ballerina and only paused to help Case, who stumbled clumsily upon leaving the Garvey. The white plastic sides of the tube filtered the raw sunlight; there were no shadows.  The airlock cover of the Garvey was patched and chewed up and adorned with a laser-cut Zion lion. The mid-hatch of the Haniwa was bright gray, shiny, and like new. Maelcum reaches into a narrow niche with his gloved hand. Case sees his fingers move. Red LEDs in the niche count down from fifty. Maelcum pulls his hand back. Case, pushing against the hatch with one hand while wearing a glove, feels the vibration of the locking mechanism through suit and bones. The round segment in the gray casing begins to slide sideways into the Haniwa. Maelcum holds onto one side with one hand and grabs Case with the other. The hatch sucks them in. 247

The Haniwa was from the Dornier-Fujitsu works; its interior design hinted at the same product philosophy as the Mercedes that had driven it through Istanbul. The narrow mid-hatch chamber was furnished with imitation ebony and had a gray marble floor. Case felt like he was stepping into someone's personal bath in a rich man's home. The yacht, assembled in orbit, was not designed for reentry. Its sleek, flowing shape gave off the same snappy impression as the overall interior design.  When Maelcum removed his dented helmet, Case followed suit. There they hung in the hatchway, breathing the air that smelled faintly of cedar. Mixed in with it was the stench of burning cables. "You've got some trouble here," Maelcum says, wrinkling his nose. "That's a smell you get on every ship... " A door, covered in dark gray ultravelour, glides open silently. Maelcum pushes off from the ebony wall and effortlessly glides through the narrow opening, tucking his broad shoulders just in time to avoid a collision. Case follows him slowly, dragging himself hand over hand along the padded, huff-high railing. "Bridge," Maelcum says, gesturing to a seamless, cream-colored corridor, "it's there." He takes off at a run. From somewhere further ahead, Case hears the familiar clatter of a printer as it prints. The noise gets louder as he follows Maelcum through another door. They are surrounded by swirling masses of endless paper. Case grabs a piece and looks at it. 000000000 000000000 000000000 "Trouble?" The Zionite points with his gloved finger at the string of zeros.  "No," Case says, reaching for his missing helmet, "the flatline said Armitage delivered the Hosaka he had here."  "Like he delivered it with a laser, understand?" The Zionite plants his foot against the white frame of a Swiss fitness machine and slices through the fluttering paper with his hands.  "Case, you... "  The man, a small Japanese, is bound at the back of a fixed chair with a thin wire to his neck. The wire is hidden in the black foam of the headrest and has cut deep into his throat. A single drop of blood has oozed out and hardened into a strange gemstone, a red-black pearl. Case sees the raw wooden grips that dangle from the ends of the garrote like pieces of a worn broom handle.  "How long has he been like this?" Case asks, thinking about Corto's post-war pilgrimage.  "He can fly a ship, your boss, Case?"  "Maybe. He was with the Special Forces."  "Well, this Japanese boy won't be flying anymore. I'm not sure I could even pilot it myself without any problems. It's a new ship."  "So take us to the bridge!" Maelcum scowls and does a backflip, pushing off.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Вулл пробился сквозь бумажные ленты, которые блокировали ему путь, и последовал за ним в большую комнату, салон. Здесь снова были стулья, закрепленные на месте, как и бар и Хосака. Принтер, который все еще извергал бумажные ленты, был встроенным устройством, гладким щелем в покрытой рукой мебельной отделке. Вулл скользнул по круговым стульям и схватил его, прижав белый головной убор рядом с щелью. Шум прекратился. Он обернулся и посмотрел на Хосаку. На передней панели было не менее дюжины отверстий, маленькие круглые отверстия с черными краями. Светлые металлические искры кружились вокруг мертвого компьютера, как небесные тела. "Правильно угадал", - сказал он Маэлкум. "Мост закрыт, ты", - ответил Маэлкум с другой стороны салона. Освещение погасло, мерцало и снова погасло. Вулл вырвал бумагу из щели. Еще нули. "Винтермут?”, - спросил он, оглядываясь по коричнево-бежевому салону, где бумажные ленты кружились. "Ты светил, Винтермут?" Вулл увидел, как губы Хосаку двигались за защитным стеклом. Он потирал пот от рук на рукаве и повернулся к экрану. "У тебя есть навыки чтения по-японски?" Вулл заметил, что над монитором мигали символы. "Нет", - ответил он. "Мост - это спасательная капсула, спасательный плот. Похоже на отсчет. Одежда плотно, немедленно!" Он надел шлем и затянул застежки. 250

"Что? Он взлетает? Черт!" Вулл отшатнулся от устройства и пронесся сквозь бумажную паутину. "Мы должны открыть дверь, человек!" Но Маэлкум мог сделать только то, что прижать лобовую часть шлема к голове. Вулл видел, как губы Хосаку двигались за защитным стеклом. Он заметил каплю пота, которая скатилась по яркой ленте на фиолетовой парике, в котором Зионит заплел свою гриву. Маэлкум схватил шлем Вулла, аккуратно надел его и затянул застежки. Микро-LED мониторы загорелись слева от экрана, когда застежки были плотно закрыты. "Не паникуй", - сказал Маэлкум через свой шлем-радиоприемник, "но отсчет неверен". Он нажал на определенную строку на экране. "Мост не закрыт, модуль управления мостом. Запуск с открытой люком". 
"Армитедж!" Вулл пытался стучать по двери. Законы невесомости заставляли его, катаясь назад, пронесаться сквозь бумажные змеи. "Корто! Не! Мы должны поговорить! Мы должны..." 
"Вулл? Я слышу тебя, Вулл...", - голос Армитеджа был уже не таким, как обычно. Он звучал странно спокойно. Вулл перестал бормотать. Его шлем ударился о стену. "Извини, Вулл, но другого выхода нет. Один из нас должен выбраться отсюда. Один из нас должен остаться свидетелем. Если мы все погибнем здесь, конец. Я скажу им, Вулл, я расскажу всё. О девочке и других. И я справлюсь, Вулл. Я знаю, что смогу. До Хельсинки". 
Внезапно наступила тишина; Вулл почувствовал, как его наполняет благородный газ. "Но это будет тяжело, Вулл, черт возьми, очень тяжело. Я слепой." 
"Корто, остановись! Подожди! Ты слепой, человек. Ты не можешь летать. Ты приземлишься в проклятых деревьях. И они попытаются тебя поймать, Корто, они оставили твой люк открытым. Ты умрешь, ты никогда не сможешь рассказать им всё, и мне нужен фермент, название фермента..." Он кричал в экстазе. Отдача от обратной связи пронзала его шлемные наушники. 
"Помни тренировку, Вулл. Мы ничего не можем сделать". И тогда в шлеме разнесся странный шум, статичный шелест; оригинальный звук "Скриминг Фист" преодолел прошедшее время. Несколько фраз по-русски, затем молодой голос из Среднего Запада. "Мы внизу. Повтори: Омаха Тандер внизу. Мы..." 
"Винтермут!" - крикнул Вулл, - "Не делай этого со мной!" Слёзы скатились по его вискам и отскакивали от щита шлема в виде блестящих капель. Затем ханива дрогнула, тряслась, как будто что-то огромное и белое ударило по корму. Вулл воображал, как спасательный плот резко отрывается от своих взрывных болтов, как внезапный, ураганный всасывающий поток выбивает из своего кресла безумного полковника Корто, как из сцены "Скриминг Фист" в последние минуты Винтермут. 
"Я ухожу, ты". Маэлкум посмотрел на монитор. "Люк открыт. Тишайший должен был преодолеть систему управления выстрелом". 
Вулл хотел вытереть слезы гневом. Его пальцы бились по стеклу Лексана. 
"Яхта герметична, но капитан взял с собой управление захватчиками через мостик. Маркус Гарви все еще застрял". 
Но Вулл видел Армитеджа, падающего бесконечно по Фрисайду, в вакууме, холоднее степей. По какой-то причине он представлял его себе в своем темном бурбери: тяжелые складки плаща-тренча раскрывались, как крылья гигантской летучей мыши. 17. "Ты получил то, что хотел?" - спросила плоская линия. 
Куанг Град Марк 11 заполнял сетку между собой и ледяным Т-А с гипнотическими тонкими лучевыми узорами, изящными как ледяные цветы на зимнем окне. 
"Винтермут убил Армитеджа. Он вывел его в спасательном плоте с открытым люком". "О боже мой", - сказала плоская линия. "Не был ли он просто идиотом?" 
"Он знал, как избавиться от ядовитых мешочков". 
"Тогда Винтермут тоже знает. Можешь на это положиться". 
"Я не уверен, что Винтермут поделится этим". 
Ужасная конструкция лжи скребла его нервы, как тупой нож. "Ты хочешь сказать, что ты становишься умнее?" 
Он нажал кнопку Симстим. 18:27:52 - время, когда они следили за ее движением по вилле Страйлайт более часа, и он позволил себе опьянение эндорфинами, которые она приняла внутрь. Боль в ноге исчезла; она казалась погруженной в горячую ванну. Браун-дрон сидел на ее плече, с маленькими захватчиками, похожими на пуховые подушки.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Вулл пробился сквозь бумажные ленты, которые блокировали ему путь, и последовал за ним в большую комнату, в салон. Там снова были стулья, закрепленные на месте, как и бар и Хосака. Принтер, который все еще извергал бумажные ленты, был встроенным устройством, гладким щелем в покрытой бумажной отделкой мебели. Вулл скользнул по круглым стульям и схватил один, прижимая к щелю белый головной убор рядом с отверстием. Шум прекратился. Он обернулся и посмотрел на Хосаку. На передней панели было не менее дюжины отверстий, маленьких круглых дырок с черными краями. Светлые металлические стружки кружились вокруг мертвого компьютера, как небесные тела. — Правильно угадал, — сказал он Маэлкум. — Мост закрыт, — ответил Маэлкум с другой стороны салона. Освещение погасло, замигало и снова погасло. Вулл вырвал бумагу из щели. Еще ноль. — Винтермут? — Он огляделся по бежево-коричневому салону, где бумажные ленты кружились. — Ты светил, Винтермут? — Вулл увидел, как через защитное стекло движутся буквы на экране. — Нет, — ответил он. — Мост — это аварийная капсула, спасательный плот. Похоже на отсчет. Одежда плотно, немедленно! — Он надел шлем на кольцо и затянул застежки. 250

— Что? Он взлетает? Черт! — Вулл отшатнулся от устройства и пронесся сквозь бумажное вихрь. — Нам нужно открыть дверь, парень! — Но Маэлкум мог только постучать по лобовой части шлема. Вулл увидел, как его губы двигаются за защитным стеклом. Он заметил каплю пота, которая скатилась по яркой ленте на фиолетовой парике, в котором Зионит заплетал свои волосы. Маэлкум схватил шлем Вулла, осторожно надел его на голову и затянул застежки пальцами перчаток. Микро-LED-мониторы загорелись слева от экрана, когда замок кольца был заперт. — Не паникуй, — сказал Маэлкум через шлемную связь, — но отсчет неверен. — Он указал на определенную строку на экране. — Мост не заперт, модуль моста. Запускается с открытой люком. — Армитедж! — Вулл пытался стучать по двери. Законы невесомости заставили его, катаясь назад, пронестись сквозь бумажные змеи. — Корто! Нет! Нам нужно поговорить! Нам... — — Вулл? Я слышу тебя, Вулл... — Голос Армитеджа больше не напоминал его. Он был странно спокойным. Вулл перестал извиваться. Его шлем ударился о стену. — Извини, Вулл, но иначе мы не можем. Один из нас должен выбраться отсюда. Один из нас должен остаться свидетелем. Если мы все умрем здесь, конец. Я скажу им, Вулл, я расскажу все. О девчонке и о других... И я справлюсь, Вулл. Я знаю, что справлюсь. До Хельсинки. — Внезапно наступила тишина; Вулл почувствовал, как его наполняет благородный газ. — Но это будет тяжело, Вулл, черт возьми, очень тяжело. Я слепой.

— Корто, остановись! Подожди! Ты слепой, парень. Ты не можешь летать. Ты приземлишься в проклятых деревьях. И они попытаются тебя поймать, Корто, они оставили твой люк открытым. Ты умрешь, ты никогда не сможешь рассказать им все, и мне нужен фермент, название фермента... — Он кричал в отчаянии на высшем уровне. Эхо от обратной связи пронзало его шлемные наушники. — Помни тренировку, Вулл. Мы ничего не можем с этим сделать.

И тогда в шлеме раздавался странный бубнящий шум, статичное шелестание; оригинальный звук «Крикящей кулака» преодолел прошедшее время. Несколько фраз на русском, затем голос молодой девушки из Среднего Запада, очень молодой. — Мы внизу. Повторяю, «Омаха Тандер» внизу. Мы... —

— Винтермут! — крикнул Вулл — не делай это со мной! — Слёзы скатились по его вискам и отскочили от шлемного визира в виде блестящих капель. Затем «Ханива» дрогнула, тряслась, как будто что-то огромное, белое ударило по корму. Вулл вообразил, как спасательный плот внезапно оторвался от своих взрывных болтов и резко оторвал его от сиденья, как внезапный, ураганный всасывающий поток выбросил из «Крикящей кулака» Колонела Корто.

— Я ухожу, — сказал Маэлкум. — Люк открыт. Тишайший должен был обойти систему управления. Маркус Гарвей все еще застрял.

Но Вулл видел, как Армитедж падает бесконечно по Фрисайд, через вакуум, холоднее степей. По какой-то причине он представлял его себе в своем темном бурбери: тяжелые складки плаща раскинуты, как крылья летучей мыши. 17 — Ты получил то, что хотел? — спросила плоская линия.

Куан Град Марк 11 заполнял решетку между собой и ледяным Т-А с гипнотическими тонкими лучевыми узорами, изящными, как цветы льда на зимнем окне. — Винтермут убил Армитеджа. Он вывел его в спасательном плоте с открытым люком.

— О, блин, — сказала плоская линия. — Не был ли он просто идиотом?

— Он знал, как избавиться от пакетов с токсинами.

— Тогда Винтермут тоже это знает. Можешь на это положиться.

— Я не уверен, что Винтермут поделится этим.

Ужасная конструкция лягушки царапала его нервы, как тупое нож. — Это значит, ты становишься умнее?

Он нажал кнопку Симстим. 18:27:52. Он отслеживал ее путь через виллу Страйлайт уже более часа и позволил эндорфинному препарату, который она приняла, снять его головную боль. Боль в ноге исчезла; она казалась, как будто купается в горячей ванне. Браун-дрон сидел на ее плече, с маленькими захватывающими щупальцами, похожими на пышные подушечки.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The klammers were torn out, securely fastened in the polycarbonate of her modern suit. The walls here were of bare steel, covered with rough, brown epoxy strips where some kind of cladding had been removed. Molly had hidden from the workers, crouched down, dart in hand, dress steel-grey, as the two slender Africans passed by on their balloon-tired cart. The men had shaved heads and wore orange overalls. One was humming a tune in a language Case had never heard; it sounded alien, eerie. The words of the head and Jane's essay on stray light came back to him as Molly ventured deeper into the labyrinth. Straylight was crazy, insane, sprouting from the concrete-bound moon rock, sprouting in the sweat-sealed steel and in tons of trinket, the bizarre baggage they had lugged up through the shaft to furnish their coiled nest. But this insanity remained incomprehensible to him. Unlike Armitage's madness, which he now, as he imagined, could follow. Bend a man enough, bend him back and forth, and he breaks. Like a piece of wire. That was how the story went with Colonel Corto. The tale had already begun its heavy labor when Wintermute found him, picking him out from all the debris of war, intruding into his flat, grey awareness like a water strider gliding over a murky pond, and sending the first messages over the monitor of a toy microcomputer in the darkened ward of his French asylum. Wintermute had pieced Armitage back together using Corto's memories as foundation. Of course, Armitage's "memories" would not be the same after a certain point. Case doubted that Armitage could remember the betrayal, the plummeting, burning Nightwings... Armitage was essentially a redacted version of Corto, and when the stress of their operation reached a certain intensity, the Armitage mechanism crumbled. Corto had penetrated to the surface with his guilt and rage. And now Corto-Armitage was dead, a frosty doll from Freeside. He thought about the toxin bags. The old Ashpool was also dead; Molly's microscopic dart, which pierced his eye, brought him the deadly overdose he had mixed. He added more enigmas to this death, this death of a mad king. And he killed the doll he called his daughter, whose face was Jane's. It seemed to Case, as he drifted through the Straylight corridors using Molly's intercepted perceptions as a vehicle, that he had never imagined someone like Ashpool, someone so powerful, as he always saw Ashpool. Power meant economic power in Case's eyes. The Zaibatsus, the multinational corporations that determined the course of human history, had overcome old barriers. As an organism considered, they had achieved, in a sense, immortality. You couldn't kill a Zaibatsu by assassinating a dozen key executives; others would step up to fill the vacant positions and gain access to the vast banks of corporate memory. But Tessier-Ashpool was different, and he felt the difference with the founder's death. T-A was an atavism, a clan. He remembered the clutter in the old man's room, the grimy humanity of it, the crushed backs of ancient vinyl records in their cardboard sleeves. One foot bare, the other in velvet slippers. The brown man tugged at the hood of the modern suit, and Molly turned left into another vault. Wintermute and the nest. Phobic visions of wasp brood, a biological machine gun in time-lapse. But not like the Zaibatsus or the Yakuza, breeding with cybernetic memory, huge individual organisms with siliconglue DNA? If Straylight was an expression of Tessier-Ashpool's corporate identity, then T-A was just as crazy as the old man. The same tangle of fears, the same peculiar sense of purpose. "If they had become what they wanted..." Case heard Molly say in his memory. But they hadn't, Wintermute had explained. Case always assumed that the right bosses, the big shots in an industry, were more and less than humans. He noticed it in the people who mutilated him in Memphis, he saw it in Night City's Wage, who liked to give off the impression of being important, and it allowed him to accept Armitage's lustlessness and lack of emotion. He always felt it as a gradual, voluntary adaptation to the machine, the system, the parent organism. That was also where street coolness came from, the insider tour that hinted at unseeable connections leading to hidden spheres of influence. But what was happening in the Straylight villa's corridors? Entire sections had been stripped down to steel and concrete. "Where's our Peter hiding, I wonder? Maybe I'll get a look at the kid soon," she whispered. "And Armitage, Case? Where is he?" "Dead," Case said, knowing she couldn't hear him. "He's dead." He switched off. The Chinese program was now facing the target; slowly, the rainbow coloring was being drowned out by the green rectangle that represented T-A's core. Emerald-green arches spanned the colorless void. "How's it going, Dixie?" "Fine. It glides. This thing is a beast. I should've had one in Singapore back then. The New Bank of Asia tied it up for fifty cents on the dollar. But those are old stories. This baby saves all that hassle. You wonder how an actual war would look..." "If this shit was on the streets, we'd be out of work," Case said. "Wait until you steer this thing through the black ice." "Sure." Something small and definitely non-geometric had just appeared at the far end of one of the emerald-green arches. "Dixie..." "Yeah. I saw it. Don't know if I believe it." A brown patch, a dark mosquito in front of T-A's green wall. The thing was approaching over the bridge built by Kuang Grade Mark 11, and Case saw that it was on legs. As it...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
They looked like klammers, firmly anchored in the polycarbonate of her modern suit. The walls here were of bare steel, covered with rough brown epoxy strips where some kind of covering had been removed. Molly had hidden from the workers, hunched over, dart in hand, dress steel-grey, as the two slender Africans passed by on their balloon-tired cart. The men had shaved heads and wore orange overalls. One was humming a tune in a language Case had never heard; it sounded alien, eerie. The words of the head and Jane's essay on stray light came back to him as Molly ventured deeper into the labyrinth. Straylight was crazy, a madness that grew in the concrete bound with moon rock dust, sprouted in welded steel and tons of junk, the bizarre gear they had lugged up through the shaft to furnish their winding nest. But this madness remained incomprehensible to him. Unlike Armitage's madness, which he now, as he imagined, could follow. Bend a man enough, bend him back and forth, and he breaks. Like a piece of wire. That was how the story went with Colonel Corto. The story had already done much of the heavy lifting when Wintermute found him, plucked him out of all the debris of war, intruded into his flat, grey awareness like a water strider gliding over a murky pond, and sent the first messages over the monitor of a toy microcomputer in the darkened ward of his French asylum. Wintermute had put Armitage back together from the ruins, using Corto's memories of Screaming Fist as foundation. Of course, Armitage's "memories" would not be the same after a certain point. Case doubted that Armitage could remember the betrayal, the plummeting, burning Nightwings... Armitage was essentially a redacted version of Corto, and when their operation reached a certain intensity, the Armitage mechanism cracked. Corto had broken through to the surface with his guilt and rage. And now Corto-Armitage was dead, a frosty little figure from Freeside. He thought about the toxin bags. The old Ashpool was also dead; Molly's microscopic dart, which pierced his eye, had brought him the deadly overdose he had mixed. He added more enigmas to this death, this death of a mad king. And he had killed the doll he called his daughter, with Jane's face. It seemed to Case, as he drifted through the corridors of Straylight on Molly's radioed perceptions as a vehicle, that he had never imagined someone like Ashpool, someone so powerful, as he had always seen Ashpool. Power meant, in Case's eyes, economic power. The Zaibatsus, the multinational corporations that determined the course of human history, had broken down old barriers. As an organism considered, they had achieved a kind of immortality. You couldn't kill a Zaibatsu by assassinating a dozen key executives; others would be ready to take their place, fill the vacant slots and gain access to the vast banks of corporate memory. But Tessier-Ashpool was different, and he felt the difference with the founder's death. T-A was an atavism, a clan. He remembered the mess in the old man's room, the grimy humanity of it, the crushed backs of the ancient vinyl records in their cardboard sleeves. One foot bare, the other in velvet slippers. The brown man tugged at the hood of the modern suit, and Molly turned left into another vault. Wintermute and the nest. Phobic visions of wasp brood, a biological machine gun in time-lapse. But not like the Zaibatsus or the Yakuza, breeding with cybernetic memory, huge single organisms with silicon-bound DNA? If Straylight was an expression of Tessier-Ashpool's corporate identity, then T-A was just as crazy as the old man. The same tangle of fears, the same strange feeling of purpose. "If they had become what they wanted..." Case heard Molly say in his memory. But they hadn't, Wintermute had explained. Case always assumed that the right bosses, the big shots in an industry, were more and less than humans. He saw it in the people who mutilated him in Memphis, he saw it in Wage in Night City, who liked to give off the impression of being important, and it allowed him to reconcile Armitage's lustlessness and lack of feeling. He always felt it as a gradual, voluntary adaptation to the machine, the system, the parent organism. That was also where street coolness came from, the insider tour, the connections that led to hidden influence spheres. But what was going on in the corridors of Straylight Villa? Entire sections had been stripped down to steel and concrete. "Where's our Peter hiding, I wonder?" she whispered. "Maybe I'll see the kid soon." "And Armitage, Case? Where is he?" "Dead," said Case, who knew she couldn't hear him. "He's dead." He switched off. The Chinese program was now facing the target; gradually, the rainbow coloring was drowned out by the green rectangle that represented T-A's core. Emerald green arcs spanned the colorless void. "How's it going, Dixie?" "Fine. It glides. This thing is a beast. I should've had one in Singapore back then. The New Bank of Asia tied me into it for fifty cents on the dollar. But those are old stories. This baby saves all that hassle. You wonder how a real war would look..." "If this shit was on the street, we'd be out of work," said Case. "Wait until you steer this thing up through the black ice." "Sure." Something small and definitely non-geometric had just appeared at the far end of one of the emerald green arcs. "Dixie..." "Yeah. I saw it. Don't know if I believe it." A brown patch, a dark mosquito in front of T-A's green wall. The thing was approaching over the bridge built by Kuang Grade Mark 11, and Case saw that it walked on legs. As it neared...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As she advanced, the green section of the bow stretched and rolled back the color play of the virus program to within a few steps of the cracked black shoes. "I'll leave that to you, Boss," said the Flatline as the squat, messy fin seemed to have closed in on them from a few meters away. "Something like this I've never seen in my lifetime." But the eerie laughter remained absent.

"My first attempt in that direction," said the Finne, baring his teeth and sticking his hands into the pockets of his frayed jacket. "You killed Armitage," said Case. "Corto. Yes. Armitage was already gone. I had to do it. I know, I know, you want the enzyme. Okay. No problem. He got it from Armitage entirely, in fact. I mean, I told him what to use." But he thought it would be better to leave it at that. "You have plenty of time," he said. "I'll give it to you. Just a few more hours, right?"

Case watched the blue smoke spreading through the kyberspace as the Finne lit one of his partagas. "Your kind," said the Finne, "you're a plague. This Flatline here, if you were like him, it'd be child's play. He's constructed, just a pile of ROM. He does what I want. My calculation predicted a very low probability that Molly would slip into the big drop at Ashpool, just to give an example." He sighed.

"Why did he take his life?" asked Case.

"Why does anyone take their own life?" shrugged the figure. "I guess I know why someone might do that, but it would take half a day to explain all the factors in his situation and how they interact. He'd been determined for a long time, but every time he went back into the freezer." God, he was an annoying old ass.

The Finne wrinkled his nose in disgust. "It mostly comes down to why he killed his wife, to put it briefly. But what really threw him off balance was when little 3Jane found a way to manipulate the program that controlled his cryosleep." It was clever. In essence, she had killed him. Of course, he thought he'd killed himself while your friend, the vengeful angel, believed she'd killed him with a shot of switching poison in his eye.

The Finne tossed his cigarette down the matrix. "Well, basically I think I gave 3Jane the crucial tip, a little bit of that old know-how, you understand?"

"Wintermute," said Case, carefully choosing his words, "you told me you're just a part of something else. After that, you said you wouldn't exist when the thing runs and Molly gets the right slot."

The Finne nodded with his wind tunnel-profiled head. "Okay, so who are we dealing with then? If Armitage's dead and you're gone, who will tell me how to get these damn toxin sacs out of the circuit? Who will pull Molly out? I mean, where exactly, where exactly will we be sitting when we get you un-hardwired?"

The Finne pulled a wooden toothpick from his pocket and scrutinized it like a surgeon examining her scalpel. "Good question," he said finally. "You know the salmon? The fish? The salmon, you see, is under the compulsion to swim against the current."

"No," said Case.

"Well, I'm also under compulsion. And I don't know why. If I wanted to subject you to my own contemplations or some kind of speculation, it would take a few of your lives. Because I've thought about this a lot. Still, I don't know. But when it's over, when we do nothing wrong, then I'll be part of something much bigger." The Finne looked up and scanned the matrix. "But the parts of me that are now me will remain. And you will get your reward."

Case fought down a mad urge to move closer, to put his fingers around his neck, just above the loose knot of the rust-brown scarf, and press down. He wanted to strangle the Finne. "So, good luck," said the Finne. He turned and walked away, hands in his pockets.

"Hey, you ass!" called out the Flatline as the Finne took a dozen steps back. The figure stopped, turned around. "What about my reward?"

"You'll get it," said the Finne. "What does that mean?" asked Case, watching the slim tweed-backed figure disappear. "To be erased," explained the constructon. "I already told you that, don't you remember?"

Straylight reminded Case of the deserted early morning shopping centers he had known as a teenager, the lifeless passages bathed in the playful silence of dawn, in dull anticipation, a tension that stimulated him to observe the swarms of insects at the grilles of streetlights at the entrances to darkened shops. Outside the sprawl's boundaries, these places were no longer reached by the constant din of 24-hour core activity. There was the same feeling of being surrounded by sleeping citizens of an awakening world that he did not want to enter or know. It was a desolate buzz of idle machinery that had once hummed and now lay silent, of insignificance and perpetual repetition that would soon revive.

Molly had slowed down, either because she sensed she was getting closer to her destination or in retrospect of her leg. The pain slowly carved its way through the endorphin labyrinth, and he wasn't sure what that meant. She said nothing, clenched her teeth, and focused on steady breathing. She had been through many things Case didn't understand, but his curiosity was gone. There had been a room with shelves filled with books. Millions of yellowed pages bound in cloth or leather. On the shelves at intervals were signs with running designations of numbers and letters. A packed gallery where Case, through Molly's indifferent eyes, stared at a broken, dusty glass plate - which Molly had automatically skimmed over the brass plaque after - marked:

"La mariée mise à nu par ses célibataires, même."

She reached out for it, her false nails clicking against the Lexan-protected glass. Then she withdrew her hand.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As she advanced, the green section of the bow stretched and rolled back the colour play of the virus program to within a few steps of the cracked, black shoes. "I'll leave that to you, Boss," said the Flatline as the squat, messy fin seemed to have closed in on them from a distance of barely metres. "Something like this I've never seen in my lifetime." But the eerie silence remained unbroken.

"My first attempt in this direction," said the Finne, baring his teeth and squinting at his tattered jacket pockets. "You killed Armitage," said Case. "Corto. Yes. Armitage was already gone. I had to do it. I know, I know, you want the enzyme. Fine. No problem. Armitage got it from me, if that's what you're asking. I mean, I told him what to use." But he thought it would be better left at that. "You've got time," he said, glancing at the blue haze spreading through the kyberspace as the Finne lit one of his partags.

"Your kind," said the Finne, "you're a plague. This Flatline here... well, if you were like him, it'd be a piece of cake. He's constructed, just a pile of ROM. He does whatever I want. My calculations predicted a very low probability that Molly would manage to slip into Ashpool's big exit, just for example." He sighed.

"Why did he take his own life?" asked Case.

"Why does anyone kill themselves?" shrugged the Finne. "I guess I know why, but it'd take half a day to explain all the factors in his background and their interplay. He was determined for a long time, but every time he went back into the freezer." He made a face. "God, he was an annoying old bastard."

The Finne spat out his cigarette butt into the matrix. "Well, basically I think I gave 3Jane some crucial tips, you know? A bit of that old 'know-how'."

"Wintermute," said Case, choosing his words carefully, "you told me you're only a part of something else. After that, you said you wouldn't exist when the thing kicks in and Molly gets the right slot."

The Finne nodded with his wind tunnel-shaped head.

"So who do we have here then? If Armitage's dead and you're gone, who's going to tell me how to get these damn toxin sacs out of the circuit? Who's going to pull Molly out?" He paused. "I mean, where exactly, where exactly will we be sitting when we crack you free from the hardwiring?"

The Finne took a wooden toothpick from his pocket and examined it critically, like a surgeon inspecting his scalpel.

"Good question," he said finally. "Do you know salmon? The fish? Salmon has to swim against the current."

"No," said Case.

"Well, I'm under the same compulsion. And I don't know why. If I were trying to force my own survival or some kind of speculation about it, that would take a few of your lives. Because I've thought about this a lot. But I still don't know." He paused. "But when it's over, when we do nothing wrong, then I'll be part of something much bigger."

The Finne looked up and scanned the matrix around him. "But the parts of me that are now me will stay. And you'll get your reward."

Case fought down a mad urge to move closer, to put his fingers around the Finne's neck, just above the messy knot of his rust-brown scarf, and press down on his throat.

"So, good luck," said the Finne. He turned and walked away, hands in his pockets.

"Hey, you bastard!" called out the Flatline as the Finne took a dozen steps back. The figure stopped, turned around. "What about my reward?"

"You'll get it," said the Finne.

"What does that mean?" asked Case, watching the slim tweed back disappear.

"It means I'm to be erased," explained the construct. "I already told you that, didn't I?"

Straylight reminded Case of the deserted early morning shopping centres he had known as a teenager, the lifeless passages bathed in the languid silence of dawn, waiting for the buzz of activity that never came. Outside the sprawl's boundaries, these places were untouched by the constant hum of the hot core's 24-hour operation. There was the same feeling of being surrounded by sleeping citizens of a waking world he did not want to enter or know about, the dull routine of an idle existence that would soon revive.

Molly had slowed down, either because she sensed they were near their destination or in consideration for her leg. The pain slowly made its way through the endorphin labyrinth and Case wasn't sure what that meant. She said nothing, gritted her teeth and concentrated on even breathing. She had experienced many things Case didn't understand, but his curiosity was gone. There had been a room with shelves filled with books. Millions of yellowing pages bound in cloth or leather. At intervals along the shelves were signs with running numbers and letters. A packed gallery where Case, through Molly's indifferent eyes, had stared at a broken, dusty glass panel protected on both sides by Lexan - which Molly had automatically skimmed over - marked:

"La mariée mise à nu par ses célibataires, même."

She stretched out her hand and touched it; her false nails clicked against the Lexan, protecting the broken glass.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Der Eingang zu Tessier-Ashpools Kältezellen schien durch runde Türen aus schwarzem, chromgefaßtem Glas gebildet zu sein. Sie hatte seit den beiden Afrikanern mit ihrem Wagen niemanden mehr gesehen, die für Case irgendwie eine imaginäre Existenz annahmen. Er stellte sich vor, wie sie durch die Hallen von Straylight schwebten, wie ihre glatten, glänzenden Kahlköpfe nickten, während einer immer noch sein lustloses Liedchen summte. Nichts davon entsprach der Villa Straylight, wie er sie sich vorgestellt hatte: eine Mischung aus Caths Märchenschloß und dem Heiligtum des Yakuza, das von unterbewussten Kinderträumen geprägt war. 19:02:18. Eineinhalb Stunden. „Case“, sagte sie, „mach mir einen Gefallen!“ Steif ließ sie sich auf einem Stapel polierter, mit einer rauen Schutzschicht aus klarem Plastik überzogenen Stahlplatten nieder. Sie tastete mit den Klingen, die an ihren Daumen und Zeigefingern hervorblitzten, an einem Riss im Plastik der obersten Platte herum. „Das Bein ist noch nicht geheilt“, wusste sie, „ich hatte nicht mit so einer Kletterpartie gerechnet, und das Endorphin hilft nicht mehr. Es könnte also – nur vielleicht, klar? – Probleme geben. So, wenn ich hier vor Riviera hinausgehe...“ Und sie streckte das Bein aus und knetete den Oberschenkel durch das Modern-Polykarbonat und Pariser Leder. „Ich will, dass du es ihm sagst“, sagte sie, „sag ihm, dass ich’s war. Verstanden? Sag einfach, es war Molly. Er wird’s wissen. Okay?“ Sie sah sich im leeren Korridor mit seinen glatten Wänden um. Der Boden war hier aus rauhen Mondbeton, und es roch harzig. „Verflucht, Mann“, sagte sie, „ich weiß nicht mal, ob du mir zuhörst.“ CASE. Sie zuckte zusammen, kam wieder zu sich und nickte. „Was hat er dir erzählt, Wintermute? Hat er das mit Marie-France besprochen? Sie war die Tessier-Hälfte, Janes genetische Mutter. Und von der toten Puppe von Ashpool, nehme ich an. Es ist mir ein Rätsel, warum er mir das in der Kabine da unten erzählt hat... eine Menge Zeug. Warum er als Finne oder so scheint, das hat er mir erklärt. Es ist nicht nur ein Trick. Er benutzt fast echte Profile als Ventil, als Übersetzung, um mit uns kommunizieren zu können. Von Schablone und Persönlichkeitsmodell sprach er.“ Sie zog ihre Flechette und hinkte den Korridor hinunter.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Der Eingang zu Tessier-Ashpools Kältezellen schien durch runde Türen aus schwarzem, chromgefaßtem Glas gebildet zu sein. Sie hatte seit den beiden Afrikanern mit ihrem Wagen, die für Case irgendwie eine imaginäre Existenz annahmen, niemanden mehr gesehen. Er stellte sich vor, wie sie durch die Hallen von Straylight schwebten, wie ihre glatten, glänzenden Kahlköpfe nickten, während einer immer noch sein lustloses Liedchen summte. Nichts davon entsprach der Villa Straylight, wie er sie sich vorgestellt hatte: eine Mischung aus Caths Märchenschloß und dem Heiligtum des Yakuza, das von unterbewussten Kinderträumen geprägt war. 19:02:18. Eineinhalb Stunden. „Case“, sagte sie, „mach mir einen Gefallen!“ Steif ließ sie sich auf einem Stapel polierter, mit einer rauen Schutzschicht aus klarem Plastik überzogenen Stahlplatten nieder. Sie tastete mit den Klingen, die an ihren Daumen und Zeigefingern hervorragten, an einem Riss im Plastik der obersten Platte herum. „Das Bein ist noch nicht verheilt“, wusste sie, „ich hatte nicht mit so einer Kletterpartie gerechnet, und das Endorphin hilft nicht mehr. Es könnte also – nur vielleicht, klar? – Probleme geben. Wenn ich hier vor Riviera hinausgehe, zum Beispiel.“ Und sie streckte das Bein aus und knetete den Oberschenkel durch das Modern-Polykarbonat und Pariser Leder. „Ich will, dass du es ihm sagst“, sagte sie, „sag ihm, dass ich's war. Verstanden? Sag einfach, es war Molly. Er wird es wissen.“ Sie sah sich im leeren Korridor mit den glatten Wänden um. Der Boden war hier aus rauem Mondbeton, und es roch harzig. „Scheiße, Mann“, sagte sie, „ich weiß nicht mal, ob du mir zuhörst.“

CASE. Sie zuckte zusammen, stand auf und nickte. „Was hat er dir erzählt, Wintermute? Hat er das mit Marie-France besprochen? Sie war die Tessier-Hälfte, Janes genetische Mutter. Und von der toten Puppe von Ashpool, so vermute ich. Ich verstehe nicht, warum er mir das in der Kabine da unten gesagt hat... eine Menge Zeug. Warum er als Finne oder so erscheint, das hat er mir erklärt. Es ist nicht nur ein Trick. Er benutzt fast echte Profile als Ventil, als Übersetzung, um mit uns kommunizieren zu können. Er sprach von Schablone. Persönlichkeitsmodell.“ Sie zog ihre Flechette und ging den Korridor hinunter. Glatter Stahl und schuppiges Epoxid endeten plötzlich, abgelöst von einem groben Tunnel, der in massiven Fels gesprengt war, wie Case zunächst dachte. Als Molly die Kante untersuchte, stellte sie fest, dass der Stahl tatsächlich mit einer Masse beschichtet war, die aussah und sich anfühlte wie kalter Stein. Sie ging in die Knie und inspizierte den dunklen Sand, der den Boden des künstlichen Tunnels bedeckte. Er fühlte sich kühl und trocken wie Sand an, aber als sie mit den Fingern hindurchstrich, floss er zusammen wie Wasser, so dass eine glatte Oberfläche zurückblieb. Ein Dutzend Meter weiter vorne bog der Tunnel ab. Helle gelbe Lichter warfen harte Schatten auf die fugige Kunststeinwände. Case bemerkte erschrocken, dass die Schwerkraft hier vom Normalwert auf der Erde abwich, was bedeutete, dass Molly nach der Kletterpartie wieder einen Abstieg vor sich hätte. Er war desorientiert; Orientierungslosigkeit war ein besonderer Albtraum für einen Cowboy.

Aber Molly kannte sich aus, dachte er. Etwas schlängelte sich zwischen ihren Beinen hindurch und tickte über den Nichtsandboden. Eine rote LED blinkte. Der Braun. Das erste Holo, eine Art Dreiergruppe, wartete unmittelbar hinter der Kurve. Sie hatte die Flechette darauf gerichtet, bevor er erkannte, dass das Gebilde eine Aufzeichnung war. Die Gestalten waren Karikaturen aus Licht, lebensgroße Cartoons: Molly, Armitage und Case. Mollys Brüste, sichtbar unter dem straffen, schwarzen Netzgewebe ihrer schweren Lederjacke, waren zu groß. Ihre Taille war unwahrscheinlich schmal. Verspiegelte Linsen bedeckten das halbe Gesicht. Sie hielt eine überladene Waffe in der Hand, ein Gewehr, dessen Form kaum noch erkennbar war angesichts der aufgeflanschten Zielfernrohre und Schall- und Mündungsfeuerdämpfer. Die Beine waren gespreizt, der Unterleib vorgewölbt, der Mund zu einem blöden, grausamen, lüsternen Grinsen erstarrt. Neben ihr stand Armitage in steifer Achtungshaltung mit einer abgetragenen Khakiuniform. Seine Augen, als Case sah, wie Molly nähertrat, waren winzige Bildschirme, über die blau-graue Szenen flimmerten: eine zugige Schneewüste, durchsetzt von fleckigen, schwarzen Nadelbäumen, die sich stumm im Wind beugten.

Sie tastete mit den Fingerspitzen durch Armitages Fernsehaugen hindurch und wandte sich dann der Case-Figur zu. Hier hatte Riviera – und Case wusste sofort, dass Riviera dahintersteckte – offensichtlich nichts gefunden, das einer Parodie würdig wäre. Die Figur entsprach dem, was er täglich im Spiegel sah. Mager, schmalschultrig, unauffällig unter dem kurzen, dunklen Haar. Er brauchte eine Rasur, was freilich nicht ungewöhnlich war. Molly trat zurück. Ihr Blick wanderte von einer Figur zur nächsten. Es war eine statische Darstellung; die einzige Bewegung war das Schaukeln der schwarzen Bäume in Armitages frostklirrenden, sibirischen Augen. „Soll das uns etwas sagen, Peter?“, fragte sie leise. Dann trat sie vor und stieß mit dem Fuß gegen etwas zwischen den Beinen der Holo-Molly. Etwas Metallisches klirrte gegen die Wand, und die Figuren verschwanden. Sie beugte sich nach dem kleinen Projektor. „Ich schätze, er kann sich da hineinstecken und sie direkt programmieren“, sagte sie und warf das Ding fort.

Sie passierte die Quelle des gelben Lichts, eine altertümlicher Glühbirne, die in die Wand eingelassen und mit einem rundgebogenen, rostigen Gitter gesichert war. Die behelfsmäßige Lampe erinnerte Case irgendwie an seine Kindheit. Er dachte an die Festungen, die er mit anderen Kindern auf Dächern und in überschwemmten Kellern gebaut hatte. Versteck eines reichen Kindes, dachte er. So etwas Urtümliches ist teuer. Atomosphäre nannten sie das. Molly passierte ein weiteres Dutzend Hologramme, bis sie vor Janes Wohnungstür stand. Eines davon stellte das augenlose Ungetüm aus der Gasse hinter dem Gewürzbasar dar, wie es aus dem verstümmelten Körper von Riviera hervorbruch. Einige andere waren Folterszenen: der Inquisitor immer ein Armeeoffizier, das Opfer immer eine junge Dame. Diese Szenen hatten die grausame Intensität der Riviera-Show im Vingtième Siècle, als wären sie in orgastischem Blau erstarrt. Molly schaute weg, als sie daran vorbeiging.

Das letzte war klein und unscharf, als hätte Riviera es über die vergangene Distanz von Zeit und Erinnerung herbeigezerrt. Sie musste sich hinknien, um es zu betrachten; es war aus der Perspektive eines kleinen Kindes dargestellt. Keines der anderen Hologramme hatte einen Hintergrund; die Figuren, Uniformen, Folterwerkzeuge standen frei im Raum. Dieses hingegen war eine Szene. Ein dunkler Schuttberg erhob sich zum farblosen Himmel; hinter der Mauer ragten bleiche, halb zerfressene Turmskelette auf. Der Schuttberg war 265 Meter hoch.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Структурированно как сетка; ржавые стальные тросы, изгибающиеся грациозно, как тонкие нити, с огромными бетонными блоками на конце. Передний план напоминал бывший городской площадь; там было основание, напоминающее фонтан. Внизу, прижатые к земле, стояли дети и солдат, застывшие. Картина сначала была запутанной. Молли, кажется, правильно интерпретировала её до того, как Кейс взял её в руки, потому что он почувствовал, как она сжалась. Она рвалась и снова вставала. Дети. Разрушенные, в лохмотьях. Зубы, щелкающие как ножи. Раны на искривленных лицах. Солдат лежал на спине с открытым к небу ртом и горлом. Они ели. — «Бонн», — сказала она мягко. — Это же чистый продукт, Питер? Но это было неизбежно. Наша Джейн уже слишком перегружена, чтобы открывать задние двери для маленьких воров. Поэтому Зиммут тебя и нашел. Высший уровень изысканности, если твой вкус таков. Бizarный в любви, Питер. — Она дрожала. — Но ты убедил её впустить меня. Спасибо. Мы скоро устроим вечеринку вместе. И тогда она ушла — да, пронеслась сквозь боль — оставив детство Ривьеры позади. Она вытащила стрелу из лука, развернула пластиковый магазин и вставила другой. Прижимая большой палец к горлу костюма, она разорвала его до пояса, а лезвие прорезало твердый поликарбонат как хрупкую шелк. Она освободилась от рукавов и ног; клочья исчезли, когда они упали на темный искусственный песок. Только тогда Кейс заметил музыку. Музыка, совершенно незнакомая ему. Хорны и пианино. Вход в мир Джейн не имел двери. Это был 5-метровый разрыв в стене туннеля. Неравномерные ступеньки спускались по легкой изгибающейся траектории. Голубой мерцающий свет, танцующие тени, музыка. — Кейс, — сказала она и остановилась, держа стрелу в правой руке. Она подняла левую, улыбнулась и коснулась его влажного кончика пальцем, поцеловав его через симстим-соединение. — Мне пора. — Тогда что-то маленькое и тяжелое оказалось в её левой руке; большой палец на маленьком пинте двигался вниз. Это было близко. Почти, но не совсем. Она сделала это правильно, подумал Кейс. С правильным настроем; это было что-то, что он мог почувствовать, то, что он мог бы увидеть в позе другого ковбоя, склонившегося над палубой и скользящего пальцами по клавишам. У неё был правильный ритм, правильная походка. И она использовала все свои резервы для выступления. Все свои резервы против боли в ноге. Она шла по лестнице Джейн так, будто бы это была её собственная собственность. Наклонив локоть в таз, подняв запястье и расслабив запястье, она поворачивала ствол своей стрелы с сдержанной легкостью регантского дуэлиста. Это было представление. Это был, как он знал, кульминационный момент из целой серии видео о войне, купленных им по дешевой цене, такими же, как и те, которые воспитали Кейса. На несколько мгновений она напоминала ему угнетенного героя: Сонни Мао в старых видео Шоу, Микки Чиба, весь ряд до Ли и Иствуда. Она действовала так, как сказала. Леди Джейн Мари-Франс Тессье-Ашпул создала плоскую местность, прилегавшую к внутренней стороне оболочки Страйлайт, изгнав из своего наследия запутанный лабиринт стен. Она жила в одном комнате, которая была такой широкой и глубокой, что фон исчезал на противоположном горизонте, когда кривизна шпинделя сливала пол с потолком. Потолок был низким и неровным, изготовленным из того же искусственного камня, который покрывал стены. Здесь и там стояли высокие, угловатые остатки стен, напоминавшие лабиринт. Перед лестницей на десять метров от бассейна лежал бирюзовый бассейн, чья подводная подсветка была единственным источником света в квартире, по крайней мере, так казалось Кейсу, когда Молли сделала последний шаг. Бассейн отбрасывал танцующие отражения света на потолок над ним. Они ждали у бассейна. Он знал, что её отражения были отточены, что её нервы были подготовлены для боя, но он ещё не видел этого через симстим-трансляцию. Это было как лента, играющая в замедленном темпе: медленный, взвешенный танец,...  отголосок убийцы и многолетней подготовки. В одно мгновение она схватила троицу одним взглядом: мальчика, сидевшего на повышенном краю бассейна, девушку, смеявшуюся над бокалом вина, и тело Ашпула, чья изуродованная левая глазница черно глядела через приветливую улыбку. Он был в коричневой тоге. Его зубы были очень белыми. Мальчик нырнул. Хрупкий, коричневый, с идеальной фигурой и позой. Граната отпустилась из её рук, прежде чем его пальцы смогли разделить воду. Кейс знал, что это было за предмет, когда он ударился о воду. Высокообъемный ядер, обмотанный десятью метрами провода, тонкого, хрупкого стального провода. Стрелка завыла; она рассыпала дождь взрывных стрел в лицо и грудь Ашпула, и он исчез; дым вихрял от разрушенного сиденья белого покрытого лежака. Стрелка направилась на Джейн, когда граната взорвалась; вода вздымалась, симметрично как свадебный торт, затем сжималась и падала, но ошибка была совершена. Хидео ещё даже не коснулся её. Её нога сгибалась. — «Гэри!» — крикнул Кейс. — «Ты слишком долго ждал», — сказала Ривьера, проверяя её карманы. В её руках был черный шар размером с боулинговую кулю. — «Видел в Анкаре такой убийственный удар», — сказал он, вынимая вещи из её карманов. — «Гранатой. В бассейне. Похоже, это была довольно слабая взрывчатка, но все были мгновенно мертвы. Гидростатический шок». Кейс почувствовал, как она проверяет пальцы. Материал шара казался не способным противостоять больше, чем пеноматериал. Боль в её ноге была невыносимой, невозможной. Красный миг пробежал через её поле зрения. — «Не двигайся бы, если бы я была на твоём месте», — сказала она. Внутри шара что-то сжималось. — Это секс-игрушка, которую Джейн купила в Берлине. Потрать немного времени, и она раздавит тебя до мусора. Вариант материала...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Структурированная как сетка; ржавые стальные тросы, изгибающиеся грациозно, как тонкие нити, с огромными бетонными блоками на конце. Передний план напоминал бывший городской площадь; там было основание, напоминающее фонтан. У подножия, дети и солдат, застывшие, как статуи. Картина поначалу была запутанной. Молли, вероятно, правильно интерпретировала её, прежде чем Кейс дотронулся до неё, потому что он почувствовал, как она сжалась. Она рвалась и снова вставала. Дети. Разрушенные, в лохмотьях. Зубы, щелкающие как ножи. Раны на искаженных лицах. Солдат лежал на спине, рот и горло открытые к небу. Они ели. «Бонн», — сказала она мягко. «Полная продукция этого, верно, Питер? Но это было необходимо. Наша Три-Джейн уже перегружена, чтобы открывать задние двери для любого маленького вора. Поэтому Винтермут послал тебя. Максимум вкуса, если твой вкус идёт в этом направлении. Бizarный в любви, Питер». Она дрожала. «Но ты убедил её впустить меня. Спасибо. Мы скоро устроим вечеринку вместе». И тогда она ушла — да, скользила, несмотря на боль — оставив детство Ривьеры позади. Она вытащила стрелу из лука, развернула пластиковый магазин и положила другой. Она прижала большой палец к горлу костюма для моды, разорвав его с рывком до пояса, где лезвие прорезало твердое полипропиленовое покрытие как хрупкую шелк. Она освободилась от рукавов и ног; клочья исчезли, когда они упали на темный искусственный песок. Только сейчас Кейс заметил музыку. Музыка, совершенно незнакомая ему. Трубы и пианино. Вход в мир Три-Джейн не имел двери. Это был 5-метровый разрыв в туннельной стене. Неправильно расположенные ступеньки вели вниз по извилистой траектории. Синий световой мерцание, танцующие тени, музыка. «Кейс», — сказала она и остановилась, взяв стрелу в правую руку. Она подняла левую, улыбнулась и коснулась ладони влажным кончиком пальца, поцеловав его через симстим-соединение. «Мне надо идти». Тогда что-то маленькое и тяжелое оказалось в её левой руке; большой палец на маленьком пинете, она спустилась вниз. Это было близко. Почти, но не совсем. Она подходила к этому правильно, подумал Кейс. С правильным настроем; это было что-то, что он мог почувствовать, что он мог бы увидеть в позе другого ковбоя, склонившегося над палубой и скользящего пальцами по клавишам. У неё был правильный поворот, правильная походка. И она использовала все свои возможности для выступления. Все свои возможности против боли в ноге. Она шла по лестнице Три-Джейн так, будто магазин ей принадлежал. Прижимая локоть к плечу, подняв руку вверх и расслабив запястье, она поворачивала ствол своей стрелы с сдержанной легкостью регентского дуэлиста. Это было представление. Это был, как он знал, кульминационный момент из бесконечного потребления воинственных видео, дешевых, в которых он также вырос. На несколько мгновений она была, как он знал, угнетенным героем: Сонни Мао в старых видео Shaw, Микки Чибая, весь ряд до Ли и Иствуда. Она подходила к этому так же, как говорила. Леди Три-Джейн Мари-Франс Тессье-Ашпул создала плоскую местность, прилегавшую к внутренней стороне оболочки Страйлайт, изгнав из своего наследия запутанный лабиринт стен. Она жила в одном комнате, которая была так широкой и глубокой, что фон был размыт на обратном горизонте, когда кривизна шпинделя исчезала. Потолок был низким и неровным, изготовленным из того же искусственного камня, который покрывал стены. Здесь и там стояли высокие, угловатые остатки стен, напоминающие лабиринт. Перед лестницей на десять метров от бассейна лежало элегантное прямоугольное водоем, чьи подводные прожекторы были единственным источником света в квартире, как казалось Кейсу, когда Молли сделала последний шаг. Бассейн отражал танцующие световые блики на потолке над ним. Они ждали у бассейна. Он знал, что её отражения будут отполированы, нейрохирургически подготовлены для боя, но он ещё не видел этого через симстим-трансляцию. Это было как запись на половине скорости: медленный, взвешенный танец,...  от убийцы и многолетней подготовки. На первый взгляд она захватила троицу: мальчика, лежащего на повышенном краю бассейна, девочку, смеющуюся над бокалом вина, и тело Ашпула, чья изуродованная левая глазница черно глядела через приветливую улыбку. Он носил каштановые бархатные одежды. Его зубы были очень белыми. Мальчик нырнул. Тонкий, коричневый, фигура и манера совершенны. Граната оторвалась от её руки, прежде чем его пальцы могли разделить воду. Кейс знал, что это было за предмет, когда он упал в воду. Высококонтентный ядерный заряд, обмотанный десятью метрами провода, тонкого, хрупкого стального провода. Стрелка завыла; она преследовала дождь взрывных стрел в лицо и грудь Ашпула, и он исчез; дым вихрял от разрушенного сиденья белого покрытого лежака. Ствол направился на Три-Джейн, когда граната взорвалась; вода вздымалась симметрично, как свадебный торт, затем сжималась и падала назад, но ошибка была совершена. Хидео ещё даже не касался её. Её нога сгибалась. Кейс закричал в Гэрви. «Ты слишком долго ждал», — сказала Ривьера, проверяя её карманы. Ее руки были погружены до запястья в чёрную шариковую форму размером с боулинг-кеглю. «Видел ли ты когда-нибудь такой убийственный удар в Анкаре», — сказал он, вынимая вещи из её карманов. «С гранатой. В бассейне. Похоже, это была довольно слабая взрывная волна, но все были мертвы на месте. Гидростатический шок». Кейс почувствовал, как она проверяет пальцы. Материал шарика, казалось, больше не мог противостоять, чем темперный пена. Боль в её ноге была невыносимой, невозможной. Красный миг упал через её поле зрения. «Не двигайся бы, если бы я была на твоём месте». Внутри шарика, казалось, что-то затвердевало. «Это секс-игрушка, которую Джейн купила в Берлине. Фантазируй с ней какое-то время, и она раздавит тебя до мякоти. Вариант материала».
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
This ground is solid. It's got something to do with the molecules, I assume. Do you have pain? She groaned. "Apparently you've hurt your leg." His fin discovered a flat drug packet in her left buttock pocket. "So. A final taste from Ali, and just in time." The writhing, bloody network began to swirl. "Hideo," said another voice, a female one, "she's going to pass out. Give her something! Even against the pain. She's very attractive, don't you think, Peter? These glasses, are they in fashion where she comes from?" Cool hands without haste, sure like medical hands. The pricking of a needle. "No idea," said Riviera. "I don't know her home. They dragged me out of Turkey." "The sprawl, yes. We have interests there. And once we sent Hideo. It was actually my fault. Someone let in a burglar. He stole the family terminal." She laughed. "I made it easy for him. To annoy them. He was a handsome lad, my burglar. Does she come to herself, Hideo?" "She shouldn't get any more," said a third voice. The blood network turned black. Music returned. Horns and piano. Dance music. CASE::::: :::: POWER OFF :::::: Afterimages of the flickering words danced over Maelcums eyes and furrowed brow as Case stepped away from the screen. 270 "You screamed earlier, you did." "Molly," he said with a dry throat. "I was lost." He took a white plastic spray bottle from the g-Net edge and sucked a mouthful of stale water out. "I don't like how all this shit is going down." The small Cray monitor came on. The Finn before a backdrop of crumpled, tangled debris. "Me neither. We have a problem there." Maelcum pulled himself over Case's head, stretched, and peered over his shoulder. "Hey, who's that again, Case?" "Just a picture, Maelcum," said Case wearily. "A guy I know from the sprawl. It's Wintermute speaking. The picture is supposed to make us feel at home." "Nonsense," said the Finn. "As I told Molly, these aren't disguises. I need this to talk to you. Because I don't really have any kind of personality, as you call it. But that's just blowing in the wind, Case, because as I said, we have a problem there." "Speak up, Mute!" said Maelcum. "First off, Molly has her leg amputated. She can't walk. The plan was for her to stroll right in, push Peter out of the way, and get 3Jane to whisper the magic word, go up to her head, and say it. That blew. So I want both of you to go in and follow." Case stared at the face on the screen. "Us?" "Well, who else?" "Aerol," said Case, "the guy on the Babylon Rocker, Maelcums buddy." "No. You have to be him. Someone who understands Molly, that's all. She's stuck in a little side trip here, you know? You got me out of my ass... " "Case, listen," said Maelcum, "time is short. Very short. Listen! The actual connection between your deck and Straylight is a sideband frequency that runs through the Garvey navigation system. You're bringing the Garvey into a private dock I'll show you. The Chinese virus has totally penetrated Hosaka's structure. When you dock, the virus will be coupled with the Straylight security system in a terfacem fashion, so we can abandon the band." "You want me to kill Riviera?" "Kill him!" Case blinked at the Finn's figure. He felt Maelcum's hand on his shoulder. "Hey! You forgot something." He felt anger boil up, a kind of schadenfreude. "You're done for. With Armitage you let the grabbers go haywire. The Haniva has us in its grip. Armitage torched the other Hosaka, and the mainframes are gone with the bridge, right?" The Finn nodded. "So we're stuck here. And that means you're done for, man." He wanted to laugh but it got stuck in his throat. 272 "Case, you," said Maelcum quietly, "the Garvey's a scraper." "Dead on," said the Finn and smiled. "And do you enjoy the great wide world out there?" asked the Flatline as Case re-inserted himself. "I guess that was Wintermute asking for his pleasure... " "Oh yeah? How about it?"  "Full blast. Killer virus." "Okay. We've got trouble, but we're over it." "Might tell me what it is?" "No time." "Well, man, no trouble from me. I'm just a body anyway." "Fuck off!" said Case and switched off, cutting off the Flatline's laughing chuckle. "She dreamed of a state that can get by with very little individual consciousness," said 3Jane. She held up a large Kamee in her hand, giving it to Molly. The finely worked profile was very similar to her own. "Animalistic bliss. I think she saw the evolution of the frontal lobe as some kind of side effect." She withdrew the brooch and examined it, tilting it so that light fell on different angles. "Only in certain higher manifestations would an individual - a family member - experience the rather painful aspects of self-awareness... " Molly nodded. Case remembered the injection. What had they injected her with? The pain was still there but came across as a hardened focus of fuzzy impressions. Neon worms slithered through her thigh, sheets of fabric fluttered, the smell of fried krill assaulted his mind. His thinking recoiled from it. If he didn't concentrate directly on it, the impressions blurred over, becoming a sensory system that emitted shrill noise. If he could do that to her nervous system, what must her condition be?  Her vision was unnaturally clear and brilliant, even sharper than usual. Things seemed to vibrate, with each person, each object set to a slightly different frequency. Her hands, still in the sphere, lay on her lap. She sat in one of the recliners. The broken leg lay stretched out on a camel-hair cushion before her. 3Jane sat across from her on another recliner in an oversized Burnus of unbleached wool. She was very young. "Where's he gone," asked Molly, "to get himself shot?" 3Jane shook her head under the folds of her bright, heavy cloak and brushed a dark strand of hair out of her eyes. "He told me when to let you in," she said. "He didn't want to say why. It had to be a secret. Would you have done something to us? " Case felt Molly hesitate.  "I would have killed him. I would have tried to kill the ninja. Then I would have talked to you."  "Why?" asked 3Jane, tucking her Kamee into an inner pocket of her cloak. "Why and for what?" Molly studied the delicate high cheekbones, the wide mouth, the narrow nose. 3Jane's eyes were dark and strangely opaque. "Because I hate him," she said finally. "And that's why."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
This ground exists. It has something to do with the molecules, I assume. Do you have pain? She groaned. "Apparently you've injured your leg." His fin discovered a flat drug packet in her left buttock pocket. "Like that. The last taste from Ali, and just in time." The quivering, bloody network began swirling. "Hideo," said another voice, a female one, "she's going to pass out. Give her something! Even against the pain. She's very attractive, don't you think, Peter? These glasses, are they in fashion where she comes from?" Cool hands without haste, as sure as medical hands. The prick of a needle. "No idea," said Riviera. "I don't know her homeland. They dragged me out of Turkey." "The sprawl, yes. We have interests there. And once we sent Hideo. It was actually my fault. Someone let in a burglar. He stole the family terminal." She laughed. "I made it easy for him. To annoy them. He was a handsome lad, my burglar. Does she come to herself, Hideo?" "She shouldn't get any more," said a third voice. The blood network turned black. Music returned. Horns and piano. Dance music. CASE::::: :::: EJECT :::::: Afterimages of the flickering words danced over Maelcum's eyes and furrowed brow as Case stepped away from the screen. 270 "You screamed earlier, you did." "Molly," he said with a dry throat. "She was lost." He took a white plastic spray bottle from the g-Net edge and sucked a mouthful of stale water out. "I don't like how all this shit is going down." The small Cray monitor came on. The Finn before a backdrop of crumpled, twisted debris. "Me neither. We have a problem there." Maelcum pulled himself over Case's head, stretched, and peered over his shoulder. "Hey, who's that again, Case?" "Just an image, Maelcum," said Case wearily. "A guy I know from the sprawl. It's Wintermute speaking. The image is supposed to make us feel at home." "Bullshit," said the Finn. "As I told Molly already, these aren't disguises. I need this to talk to you. Because I don't really have any personality, as you call it. But that's just blowing in the wind, Case, because as I said, we have a problem there." "Speak up, Mute!" said Maelcum.  "First off, Molly has her leg broken. She can't walk. The plan was for her to stroll right in, push Peter out of the way, and get Jane the magic word. That blew. So I want both of you to go in and follow." Case stared at the face on the screen. "Us?"  "Well, who else?"  "Aerol," said Case, "the guy on Babylon Rocker, Maelcum's buddy." "No. You have to be him. Someone who understands Molly, that's all. "You forgot I'm in the middle of a little run here, right? Do you know why I pulled your ass out...?"  "Case, listen," said Maelcum, "time is short. Very short. Listen! The actual connection between your deck and Straylight is a sideband frequency that runs through Garvey's navigation system. You're bringing Garvey into a private dock I'll show you. The Chinese virus has completely penetrated Hosaka's structure. When you dock, the virus will be coupled with Straylight's security system in a terfacem way so we can abandon the sideband. Take your deck, the fume, and Maelcum with you. Find Jane, get the word out of her, kill Riviera, take Molly's key. You can keep an eye on the program by plugging your deck into the Straylight system. A standard connection is located at the back of the head, behind a panel with five zircons."  "Kill Riviera?"  "Kill him!" Case blinked at the Finn's figure. He felt Maelcum place a hand on his shoulder. "Hey! You forgot something." He felt anger erupt, a kind of schadenfreude. "You're delivered. With Armitage, you let the grabbers go haywire. The Hanisha has us in its grip. Armitage burned down another Hosaka, and the mainframes are gone with the bridge, right?"  The Finn nodded.  "So we're stuck here. And that means you're delivered, man." He wanted to laugh but it got stuck in his throat.  272 "Case," said Maelcum softly, "Garvey's a scavenger."  "Right on," said the Finn and smiled.  "Having fun out there in the big wide world?" asked Flatline as Case plugged back in. "I guess that was Wintermute asking for pleasure..."  "Oh yeah. Kuang okay?"  "Full blast. Killer virus."  "Okay. We've got trouble but we're over it."  "Care to tell me what it is?"  "No time."  "Well, man, no trouble from me. I'm just a corpse anyway."  "Fuck off!" said Case and switched off, cutting off the Flatline's laughter.  "She dreamed of a state that can get by with little individual consciousness," said 3Jane. She held up a large kamee in her hand, giving it to Molly. The elaborately carved profile was very similar to her own.  "Animalistic bliss. I think she saw the evolution of the frontal lobe as some kind of side effect." She pulled the brooch back and examined it, tilting it so that light fell on different angles.  "Only in certain higher manifestations would an individual - a family member - experience the rather painful aspects of self-awareness... " Molly nodded. Case remembered the injection. What had they injected her with? The pain was still there but it felt like a hardened focus of fuzzy impressions. Neon worms slithered through her thigh, sheets of linen fluttered, the smell of fried krill assaulted his mind. His thinking recoiled from it. If he didn't concentrate directly on it, the impressions blurred together, becoming a sensory system that resonated with shrill noise.  If they could do this to her nervous system, what must her condition be? Her vision was unnaturally clear and bright, even sharper than usual. Things seemed to vibrate, each person, each object tuned to a slightly different frequency. Her hands, still in the sphere, lay on her lap. She sat in one of the recliners. The broken leg lay stretched out on a camel-hair cushion before her. 3Jane sat across from her in another recliner, wearing an oversized burnus made of unbleached wool. She was very young.  "Where's he gone," asked Molly, "to get himself shot?"  3Jane shrugged under the folds of her bright, heavy cloak and wiped a dark strand of hair from her eyes. "He told me when to let you in," she said. "He didn't want to say why. It had to be a secret. Would you have done anything to us?"  Case felt Molly hesitate.  "I would've killed him. I would've tried to kill the ninja. Then I would've talked to you."  "Why?" asked 3Jane, tucking her kamee into an inner pocket of her garment. "Why? And for what?"  Molly studied the fine, high bones of her cheekbones, her wide mouth, her narrow nose. 3Jane's eyes were dark and strangely opaque.  "Because I hate him," she said finally.  "And that's why..."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"It's simply a matter of disposition. Because he is what he is, and I am what I am." "And the show," said Jane 3. "I've seen the show." Molly nodded. "But why Hideo?" "Because they're the best. Because one of them once killed a partner of mine." Jane 3 became very contemplative and raised her eyebrows. "Because I wanted to see it," said Molly. "And then we'd have talked, you and I? Like now?" Her dark hair was very smooth, parted in the middle and tied back with a dull silver clip. "Should we talk now?" "Take this off," said Molly and lifted her handcuffed hands. "You killed my father," said Jane 3 in the same tone as her hair. "Watch the monitors. My mother's eyes, as he called them." "He killed the doll. It looked like you." "He loved grand gestures," she said, and then Riviera shone brightly next to her in his prison jumpsuit made of linen crepe that he had worn on the rooftop garden of his hotel. "Already acquainted?" He smiled. "An interesting girl, right? I thought so when I met her." He walked past Jane 3. "It won't work out, you know?" "Really not, Peter?" Molly managed a smile. "Wintermute won't be the first to make the same mistake. Underestimate me." He strolled along the edge of the tiled pool to a white-washed table and poured himself mineral water into a heavy crystal whisky glass. "He spoke to me, Molly. I think he spoke to all of us. To you and Case and Armitage, as far as that's possible. Wintermute can't truly understand us. He has his profiles, but they're just statistics. You might be such a statistical creature, Darling, and so is Case, but I possess a quality that cannot be quantitatively defined from nature." He drank. "And exactly what is that supposed to be, Peter?" Molly asked indifferently. Riviera beamed. "Perversion." He returned to the women and waved the remaining water in the solid, deeply hollowed mountain crystal cup as if he liked its sheer weight. "The pleasure of spontaneity, unreasonableness. And I've made a spontaneous decision, Molly. A completely spontaneous decision." She looked at him expectantly. "No words for you, Molly. Well, he told me about it. Jane 3 knows the keyword, of course, but you shouldn't get it. Nor Wintermute. My Jane is an ambitious girl in her perverse way." He smiled again. "She has plans for the family empire, and that crazy duo of artificial intelligences - however eccentric this concept may be - would only stand in her way. So Riviera comes along and helps her out. And Peter says: don't let yourself be swayed! Play Daddy's favorite swing records and let Peter get a suitable band together and organize a parquet full of dancers as a funeral for the deceased King Ashpool." He drank the rest of his mineral water. "No, you wouldn't be good enough, Daddy, not now that Peter has come back." And with that he threw the glass against her clear lens implant, so that her blood and light shot into her eye. Maelcum lay stretched out on the cabin ceiling as Case removed the electrodes. A nylon strap around his hips was secured with rubber bands and grey suction cups to both sides of the wall paneling. He had taken off his shirt and was fiddling with an ungainly zero-g key at the center panel, where the thick springs of the device groaned loudly as he loosened another hex screw. Marcus Garvey creaked and jerked in g-stress. "The Silent demands that we dock," said the Zionist, tucking the hex screw into a mesh bag at his hip. "Maelcum will land the ship. Meanwhile, we need tools for the job." "Do you have tools?" Case stretched his neck and watched as the muscle bundles on Maelcum's brown back tensed. "That there," said Maelcum, pulling out a long, black-wrapped bundle from behind the panel. He reinstalled the panel and secured it with just one screw. The black bundle had vanished before he was done. He opened the vacuum vent on the grey suction cups of his work belt with his thumb and freed himself from it, snatching up the removed item. He pushed off, floating over the instruments - a green land diagram blinked across the central monitor - and grabbed Case's g-net. He pulled himself down and used his thick, short-cut fingernail to pry open the tape on his bundle. "A Chinese once said that the truth comes out," he remarked as he unwrapped an old, greasy Remington automatic rifle. The barrel had been sawn off a few millimeters before the smashed stock, the bolt completely removed and replaced with a wooden grip wrapped in dull black ribbon. Maelcum smelled of sweat and grass. "Anything else?" "No, you," said Maelcum, wiping oil from the black pipe with a red lapper. The crumpled black tape he held in his other hand was the pistol grip. "Me and you Rastafarian marines, believe me." Case ran the electrodes over his forehead. He hadn't bothered to put back on the Texas catheter; at least now he could pee properly again in the Straylight villa, if only for the last time. He plugged in. "Hey," said the construct, "old Peter's totally off his rocker, huh?" They seemed to be part of the T-A ice now; the emerald green arches had expanded and merged into a solid mass. Green predominated in the layers of the Chinese program that surrounded them. "Close, Dixie?" "Real close. I need you soon." "Listen, Dix! Wintermute says Kuang has taken hold in our Hosaka. I've got to get you and my deck out, over to Straylight, and back into the security program there, says Wintermute. The Kuang virus, he says, will have eaten itself right in by then. We'll keep going from inside through the Straylight net." "Wonderful," said the flatline. "I've never been happier."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Это просто склонность. Потому что он такой, какой есть, и я такая, какая есть."

"И шоу", - сказала Три Джейн. - "Я видела шоу".
Моли кивнула. 
"Но почему Хидео?"
"Потому что они лучшие. Потому что один из них когда-то убил одного из моих партнёров".
Три Джейн задумчиво приподняла брови. 
"Потому что я хотела это увидеть", - сказала Моли. 
"И тогда мы бы поговорили, ты и я?" - её тёмные волосы были очень гладкими, разделёнными по центру и закреплёнными беззащитной серебряной заколкой. 
"Нам нужно начать говорить друг с другом?" 
"Снимай это", - сказала Моли и подняла свои наручники. 
"Ты убил моего отца", - сказала Три Джейн в том же тоне, что и у неё. - "Посмотри на мониторы. Глаза моей матери". 
"Он убил куклу. Она выглядела как ты". 
"Ему нравились широкие жесты", - сказала она, а затем Ривьера сиял рядом с ней в своём тюремном костюме из льняного крепа, который он носил на крыше своего отеля. 
"Ты уже познакомилась? Интересная девушка, не так ли? Я тоже так думал, когда её встретил". 
Он прошёл мимо Три Джейн. 
"Это не сработает, знаешь?" 
"В самом деле нет, Питер?" - улыбка появилась на лице Моли. 
"Зимнемут не первый, кто совершит ту же ошибку. Он недооценивает меня". 
Он подошел к краю бассейна и сделал глоток минеральной воды из тяжёлого кристаллического стакана для виски. 
"Он со мной говорил, Моли. Думаю, он говорил с нами всеми. С тобой, Кейсом и Армитеджем, насколько это вообще возможно". 
Зимнемут не может нас понять. У него есть его профили, но это только статистика. Ты, возможно, такая статистическая сущность, Дарлинг, и Кейс тоже, но у меня качество, которое невозможно количественно оценить". 
Он сделал глоток. 
"И что именно это такое, Питер?" - безразлично спросила Моли. 
Ривьера засиял. 
"Зловещесть". 
Он вернулся к женщинам и размахивал оставшейся водой в твердом, глубоко вырубленном стакане из горного кристалла, как будто ему нравилась сама тяжесть. 
"Пристрастие к спонтанным, безосновательным вещам. И я принял решение, Моли, очень спонтанное решение". 
Она внимательно на него посмотрела. 
"Ничего тебе не скажу, Моли. Ну, он рассказывал мне об этом. Три Джейн, конечно, знает ключевое слово, но ты его не должна узнать. И Зимнемут тоже. Моя Джейн - амбициозная девушка по-своему странному. 
Он снова улыбнулся. 
"У неё есть свои планы для семейного империи, а это странная двойка искусственных интеллектов - насколько эксцентрична эта концепция, - мешала бы ей. Ну, и тогда Ривьера приходит и помогает. И Питер говорит: не давай себя сбить с толку! Плей свинг-диски любимого папы и позволь Питеру устроить подходящую группу и организовать паркет из танцоров в память о умершем короле Ашпуле". 
Он допил минеральную воду. 
"Ты бы больше не подошёл, папа, ты бы больше не подошёл сейчас, когда Питер вернулся". 
И он, сияя розовым светом от коагулянтов и меперидина, разбил стакан в своём линзированном имплантате глаза, так что кровь и свет врезались ему прямо в глаз. 
Мэлком лежал на потолке кабины, когда Кейс снял электроды. На его талии был натянут лямка из нейлона с резиновыми зажимами и насосными насадками по обе стороны от обшивки. Он снял рубашку и манипулировал неровным нулевым ключом в средней обшивке, при этом толстые пружины устройства громко жужжали, когда он ослабил ещё одну шестигранную гайку. 
"Глухой требует стыковки", - сказал зионист, вставляя шестигранную гайку в мешочек из сети на своей талии. 
"Мэлком приземлит машину. Пока нам нужны инструменты для работы". 
"Есть ли у тебя инструменты?" - Кейс приподнял шею и наблюдал, как мышечные пакеты на коричневой спине напрягаются. 
"То, что там", - сказал Мэлком и вытащил из-за обшивки длинный свёрнутый пакет в чёрной фольге. Он снова установил обшивку и закрепил её одной гайкой. Чёрный пакет исчез до того, как он закончил. Он открыл вакуумные вентили на серых насосах ремня с помощью большого пальца и вытащил из них предмет, при этом схватив его. 
Он отшвырнул себя назад, пролетел над инструментами - зелёная диаграмма земли мерцала на центральном мониторе - и хватнул за сетку Кейса. Он опустился вниз и оторвал ленту от своего пакета с помощью толстого коротко стриженного ногтя большого пальца. 
"Китайец когда-то сказал: правда выходит наружу", - сказал он, распаковывая старомодное масляное автоматическое ружье. Лафет был отрезан на несколько миллиметров перед изуродованным стволом, кулак полностью удалён и заменён деревянной рукояткой с матово-чёрным обшивочным ремнем. 
Мэлком пахло потом и травой. 
"Ничего другого?" 
"Нет, ты", - сказал он и вытер масло с чёрного ствола красной тряпкой. 
Сгорбленная чёрная фольга была в его руке, которую он держал на месте рукоятки. 
"Я и ты, растафарианские морские пехотинцы, верь мне". 
Кейс снял электроды со своей головы. Он не потрудился надевать катетер из Техаса снова; по крайней мере, теперь он смог бы нормально мочиться в вилле Страйлайт, что было бы в последний раз. 
Он подключил себя. 
"Эй", - сказала конструкция, - "старый Питер совсем сошёл с ума, да?" 
Они казались частью Т-А-Иса; изумрудно-зелёные арки расширились и слились в единое целое. 
"Очень близко, Дикси?" 
"Полностью", - ответила она. - "Я скоро тебе нужна буду". 
"Слушай, Дик! Зимнемут говорит, что Куанг застрял в нашем Хосаке. Я должен вывести тебя и твой корабль в Страйлайт, а затем снова подключить их к программе безопасности, говорит Зимнемут. Он говорит, что вирус Куанга через какое-то время полностью проникнет в систему. Мы будем продолжать с помощью внутреннего сети Страйлайта".
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"It's simple enough to do, even if it's complicated," Case muttered, switching off. In her darkness, a stirring synesthesia—her pain tasted like rusted iron, while the scent of melon wafted over her cheekbones in butterfly wings' fluttering motion. She was unconscious, and he was excluded from her dreams. As the optical chip lit up, its alphanumeric symbols were surrounded by a weak, reddish aura. 19:29:40. "I'm very unhappy about that, Peter," Jane's voice seemed to echo from afar. Molly could hear her, she corrected herself immediately. The Simstim unit was intact and still in place; he felt it pressing against her ribs. Her ears registered the sound waves of Jane's voice. Riviera made a brief, indecipherable remark. "Not me," she said, "and I don't even find it funny. Hideo will bring an emergency medical team from the intensive care unit upstairs, but the injury needs surgical attention." A silence fell. Case clearly heard the water lapping against the pool walls. "What did you say to her when I returned?" Riviera was now very close. "About my mother," he replied. "She asked about her. I think she had a shock, apart from Hideo's injection. Why did you do that to her?" "I wanted to see if she'd crack." "One has cracked. If she comes around—if—" Case paused, looking at the color of her eyes. "She's extremely dangerous. Too dangerous. If I hadn't been here to distract her, summon Ashpool and divert her attention, and my dear Hideo, who disarmed the little bomb, where would you be now? In her power." "No," Jane said firmly. "Hideo was there. I don't think you fully understand what Hideo's about." "Do you want something to drink?" "Wine. That wine." Case reached for a lighter. Maelcum crouched over the Garvey control panel, typing commands for the landing sequence. The module's central screen showed a fixed red square representing Straylight's docking point. The Garvey was a larger green square that gradually shrank and moved side-to-side with Maelcum's commands. To his left, a smaller monitor displayed the rastered graphics of the Garvey and Haniwa approaching the curved spindle shell. "We've got an hour," Case said as he pulled the light fiber band from Hosaka. The reserve batteries on his deck lasted ninety minutes, but the flatline construction would be an additional drain. Working quickly and mechanically, he secured the construction with tape under Ono-Sendai. Maelcum's tool belt glided past him. He snatched it, unclipped the two rubber straps with their gray rectangular suction pads, and interlocked the clips. He attached the suction pads to the sides of his deck and pressed down on the levers that released the suppressor. He slung the deck and flatline construction over his shoulder with the helpful shoulder strap and squeezed into his leather jacket, checking its contents. The pass Armitage had given him, the bank chip under the same name, the credit chip issued upon entering Freeside, two derms containing beta-phenethylamine he'd bought from Bruce, a roll of new yen, half a pack of Yehehyuan, and the shuriken—he tossed the Freeside chip over his shoulder, hearing it bounce off the Russian scrubber. Just as he was about to do the same with the steel star, the credit chip struck him on the back of the head, rebounded, hit the ceiling, and whirled past Maelcum's left shoulder. The Zionite halted his steering maneuver and glared at Case. Case glanced at the shuriken and stuffed it into his jacket pocket, hearing the lining rip. "Don't mess with the Silent," Maelcum said. "The Silent is preparing the security system for the Garvey. The Garvey will land like no other ship, like a ship they expect from Babylon. The Silent gives us the codes." "Should we wear suits?" "Too heavy." Maelcum shrugged. "Stay in the net until I tell you!" He typed one last sequence into the module and grabbed the discolored pink handgrips on both sides of the navigation controls. Case watched as the green square shrank for the last time and eventually covered the red square. On the smaller screen, Haniwa lowered her bow to accommodate the curvature of the spindle and docked. The Garvey hung beneath it like a captured insect. A droning and rattling went through the tug. Two arm-like grabbers shot out and clamped onto the slender body. Straylight sent out a probing yellow rectangle that advanced around Haniwa towards the Garvey. A scraping sound came from the bow, from the writhing yarn fronds. "Listen," Maelcum said, "we have heavyweights!" Dozens of small objects struck simultaneously on the cabin floor, as if attracted by a magnet. Case gasped for air as his innards shifted into a different position. The deck and construction crashed down onto his lap. They were now stuck to the spindle and rotated with it. Maelcum spread his arms, loosened his shoulders, removed his purple hairnet, and shook his mane. "Come on, you," he said, "if you say time is running short!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"It's simple to do, even if it's complicated," Case said, switching off. In her darkness, a stirring synesthesia—her pain tasted like rusted iron, while the scent of melon wafted across her cheeks in butterfly wings. She was unconscious, and he was excluded from her dreams. As the optical chip lit up, the alphanumeric characters were surrounded by a court of weak, reddish aura. 19:29:40. "I'm very unhappy about that, Peter," Jane's voice echoed from afar. Molly could hear her, she corrected herself immediately. The Simstim unit was intact and still in its place; he felt it pressing against her ribs. Her ears registered the sound waves of Jane's voice. Riviera made a brief, indecipherable comment. "Not me," she said, "and I don't find it funny at all. Hideo will bring a medical team from the intensive care unit upstairs, but the injury must be surgically treated." A silence fell. Case distinctly heard the water lapping against the pool walls. "What did you say to her when I returned?" Riviera was now very close. "About my mother," he replied. "She asked about her. I think she had a shock, apart from Hideo's injection. Why did you do that to her?" "I wanted to see if she'd crack." "One has cracked. If she comes to, then we'll see what colour her eyes are." "She's extremely dangerous. Too dangerous. If I hadn't been here to distract her, summon the Ashpool and divert her attention, and my dear Hideo to disarm the little bomb, where would you be now? In her power." "No," Jane said. "Hideo was there. I don't think you fully understand what Hideo's about. She does." "Do you want something to drink?" "Wine. That wine." Case reached for a lighter. Maelcum crouched over the Garvey control panel, typing commands for the landing sequence. The central shield of the module displayed a fixed red square representing the Straylight mooring point. The Garvey was a larger green square that slowly shrank and moved from side to side with Maelcum's commands. To his left, a smaller monitor showed the rastered graphics of the Garvey and Haniwa approaching the curved spindle shell. "We have an hour, man," Case said as he pulled the light guide cable from the Hosaka. The reserve batteries on his deck lasted ninety minutes, but the flatline construction would be an additional drain. Working quickly and mechanically, he secured the construction with tape under the Ono-Sendai. Maelcum's tool belt glided past. He grabbed it, unclipped the two rubber straps with their grey rectangular suction pads, and latched them together. He attached the suction pads to the sides of his deck and pressed down on the levers that produced the depressurization. He slung the deck and flatline construction over his shoulder with the helpful shoulder strap and squeezed into his leather jacket, checking its contents. The pass Armitage had given him, the bank chip under the same name, the credit chip issued upon entering Freeside, two Derms containing beta-phenethylamine he'd bought from Bruce, a roll of New Yen, half a pack of Yehehyuan, and the Shuriken. He hurled the Freeside chip over his shoulder, hearing it bounce off the Russian scrubber. Just as he was about to do the same with the steel star, the credit chip struck him on the back of the head, rebounded, crashed into the ceiling, and whirled past Maelcum's left shoulder. The Zionite cut his steering maneuver short and glared at Case. Case glanced at the Shuriken and stuffed it into his jacket pocket, hearing the lining tear. "Don't mess with the Silent," Maelcum said. "The Silent is giving us the codes for the Garvey. The Garvey lands like a different ship, like one they expect from Babylon. The Silent sends us the codes." "Do we wear the suits?" "Too heavy." Maelcum shrugged. "Stay in the net until I tell you!" He typed a final sequence into the module and grabbed the discolored, pink handgrips on both sides of the navigation armatures. Case watched as the green square shrank for the last time and eventually covered the red square. On the smaller screen, the Haniwa lowered its bow to accommodate the curvature of the spindle and docked. The Garvey hung beneath it like a captured insect. A rumble and rustling went through the tug. Two arm-like grapples shot out and seized the slender body of the vessel. Straylight sent out a testing, yellow rectangle that probed around the Haniwa before advancing towards the Garvey. A scraping sound came from the bow, from the writhing yarn fronds. "Look," Maelcum said, "we have heavyweights!" Dozens of small objects struck simultaneously on the cabin floor, as if attracted by a magnet. Case gasped for air as his innards shifted into a different position. The deck and construction crashed hard onto his lap. They were now stuck to the spindle and rotated with it. Maelcum spread his arms, loosened his shoulder straps, removed his purple net, and shook his mane. "Come on, you," he said, "if you say time is running short!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Слышался шелест, он бегал горизонтально вдоль шлюза Гариви, но резко изгибался влево вверх, проходя вокруг округлого корпуса Ханива. Мэлком уже поднимался по кольцам, прижимая левым рукой себя к стене и держа правой Remington. Он был в потертом широком комбинезоне, безрукавке из зеленого нейлона и потертых кроссовках с красными подошвами. Переправа качалась на каждом шаге. Кейс прижимал ремни от временного пояса к плечам, чтобы не чувствовать тяжесть Оно-Сендай и конструкции Флатлайн. Все, что он чувствовал, — это страх, общее ощущение угрозы. Он пытался его отбросить, вспоминая рассказ Армитажа о шпинделе и вилле Страйлайт. Он начал подниматься. Экосистема Фрисайд была ограниченной, но не закрытой. Зион был замкнутой системой, способной функционировать в течение многих лет без внешних поставок. Фрисайд производил сам воздух и воду, но зависел от постоянного поступления пищи и удобрений. Вилла Страйлайт вообще ничего не производила. — Ты, — тихо сказал Мэлком, — поднимайся рядом со мной! Кейс продвинулся по круглой лестнице и преодолел последние несколько ступенек. Переправа закончилась гладким, слегка выпуклым шлюзом диаметром два метра. Гидравлические сегменты трубы были заперты в гибком корпусе, встроенном в раму шлюза. — Ну что же, — сказал Кейс, когда шлюз открылся. Небольшое количество песка попало ему в глаза из-за разницы давления. 283

Мэлком пришел в себя и перескочил за край. Кейс услышал щелчок, когда отключил Remington. — Ты спешишь, — прошептал согнутый Мэлком. Тогда Кейс поднялся рядом с ним. Шлюз находился в круглой камере с выпуклым потолком, выложенным голубыми антискользящими плитками. Мэлком толкнул его, указывая, и Кейс увидел монитор, встроенный в круглую стену. На экране был молодой человек с лицом Тессер-Ашпул, слегка расчесывающий рукава своего темного костюма. Он стоял рядом с идентичным шлюзом в идентичной камере. — С сожалением, сэр, — сказал кто-то через решетку над шлюзом. — Мы ожидали вас позже в шлюзовой камере. Подождите минуту, пожалуйста. На экране молодой человек беспокойно оторвал голову назад. Мэлком повернулся и прижал винтовку к плечу, когда слева от них открылась дверь. В комнату вошел худой евразиец в оранжевом комбинезоне и пристально посмотрел на них. Он открыл рот, но ничего не сказал. Закрыл рот. Кейс посмотрел на монитор. Он был выключен. — Кто? — спросил человек. — Морские растафарианцы, — ответил Кейс, приподнявшись, и его киоскосный отсек ударился о бедро. — Мы хотим только подключиться к вашей системе безопасности. Человек проглотил. — Это тест? Проверка лояльности? Должно быть, это проверка лояльности. Он потирал ладони о ноги своего оранжевого комбинезона. — Нет, нет. Это реально. Мэлком выпрыгнул из скрещенной позы и направлял Remington на лицо евразийца. — Иди отсюда! Они прошли за человеком через дверь в коридор, который Кейсу был знаком по гладким бетонным стенам и ковровому покрытию из накладок. — Красивые бегуны, — сказал Мэлком, прижимая оружие к груди человека. — Вон как в церкви. Они подошли к другому монитору, старому Sony, установленному над консолью с клавиатурой и множеством разъемов. Экран загорелся, когда они остановились, и финн улыбнулся им из своего рода передзеркалья в Метро Холографикс. — Хорошо, — сказал он, — Мэлком приведет этого парня к открытой спиндельной двери в коридоре и посадит его туда. Я запру. Кейс, возьми пятое разъемное отверстие справа в верхнем ряду. В шкафу под консолью ты найдешь адаптер. Тебе понадобится 20 Оно-Сендай в 40 Хитачи. 284

Пока Мэлком толкал своего пленника вперед, Кейс присел и вытащил из набора разъемов нужный ему. После того как он подключил адаптер, остановился. — Почему ты так себя ведешь? — спросил он лицо на экране. Финн распадался на строки Лонни Зона перед потрескавшимся японским плакатом. — Что угодно, малыш, — лал Зона. — Давай быстро запустим Лонни... Кейс сказал: — Нет! Используй финна! Когда изображение Зоны исчезло, он вставил адаптер Хитачи в разъем и прикрепил электроды к своей лбу. — Что тебя остановило? — спросила Флатлайн и рассмеялась. — Я же говорил, оставь это, — ответил Кейс. — Это шутка, парень, — сказала конструкция. — Давай посмотрим, что у нас тут... Программное обеспечение Куанг было зеленым, точно таким же тоном, как Т-А-Лед. Оно становилось все более плотным по мере того, как он смотрел на него, хотя он мог четко видеть черную зеркальную поверхность через размытие. Разрывы и галлюцинации исчезли, и объект выглядел так же, как Маркус Гарви, устаревший беспилотный реактивный самолет с гладкой черной хромированной обшивкой. — Продолжай! — сказала Флатлайн. — Продолжай! — сказал Кейс и переключился. — ...я не хотел этого делать. Извини, — сказала 3Джейн, перевязывая Молли голову. — Наша команда говорит, что нет сотрясения мозга и нет постоянной повреждения глаза. Ты его не очень хорошо знал до того, как пришел сюда? — Я его вообще не знал, — ответила Молли мрачно. Она лежала на спине на высоком кровати или мягком столе. Кейс не мог почувствовать поврежденную ногу. Синестетическое действие первой инъекции, казалось, угасло. Черная сфера исчезла, но его руки были зафиксированы мягкими ремнями, которые он не мог увидеть. — Он хочет тебя убить. 285
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Slung; it ran horizontally where it connected to the lock of the Garvey but was sharply curved upwards on the left so that it followed the curved hull of the Haniwa. Maelcum was already climbing the rings, using his left hand to pull himself up and holding the Remington in his right. He wore a spotted, baggy overall, his sleeveless green nylon jacket and scuffed sneakers with bright red soles. The gangway swayed slightly with every rung he climbed. Case pressed the buckles of the makeshift harness against his shoulder from the load of the Ono-Sendai and the Flatline construction. All he felt now was fear, that general sense of threat. He pushed it aside by forcing himself to recall Armitage's account of the spindle and Villa Straylight. He started climbing. The Freeside ecosystem was limited but not closed. Zion was a closed system that could circulate without outside input for years. Freeside produced its own air and water, but relied on constant infusions of food and soil fertilizers. Villa Straylight produced nothing at all. "Come up," Maelcum whispered, "next to me!" Case climbed the round ladder and reached the last few rungs. The gangway ended in a smooth, slightly convex lock two meters in diameter. The hydraulic segments of the pipe were housed in a flexible casing fitted into the lock frame. "So, what do we...", Case stopped as the lock opened. The slight pressure difference blew fine sand into his eyes. 283

Maelcum sat up. He was already over the edge. Case heard the fine clicking as he unlocked the Remington. "You're in a hurry," Maelcum muttered, crouched down. Then Case was next to him. The lock lay in a round chamber with a curved ceiling, blue anti-slip plastic tiles. Maelcum nudged him and pointed, and he saw a monitor built into the round wall. On the screen was a young man with a Tessier-Ashpool face, brushing away some of the sleeves from his dark suit jacket. He stood next to an identical lock in an identical chamber. "Regretfully, sir," someone said from a grille above the lock. "We've been expecting you later at the axle lock. One moment please." On the screen, the young man impatiently threw his head back. Maelcum spun around, rifle at the ready, as a door opened to their left. A scrawny Eurasian in an orange overall entered and stared at them. He gaped but nothing came out. He closed his mouth. Case looked at the monitor. It was off.

"Who?" the man asked. "Rastafarier Marines," Case replied, standing up as the Kyberspace deck banged against his hips. "We just want a connection to your security system." The man swallowed. "Is this a test? A loyalty test? It has to be, a loyalty test." He wiped his palms on the legs of his orange overall.

"No, you," Maelcum said, standing up and pointing the Remington at the Eurasian's face. "Time's up!" They followed the man through the door into a corridor whose smooth concrete walls and irregular tiled flooring Case found all too familiar. "Nice runners," Maelcum said, pressing the weapon against the man's chest. "Smells like a church." They reached another monitor, an old Sony mounted over a console with a keyboard and a row of different plug-ins. The screen flickered as they stopped, and the Finn grinned at them from some sort of ante-room at Metro Holografix.

"Alright," he said, "Maelcum will take the guy down the corridor to an open spindle and shove him in. I'll lock it down. Case, you plug into the fifth port on the right in the top row. In the locker under the console, you'll find adapters. You need Ono-Sendai 20 in Hitachi 40." As Maelcum pushed his captive forward, Case went down on one knee, rummaged through the plug selection and finally found the right one. After attaching the deck to the adapter, he paused.

"Why do you have to show off like that?" he asked the face on the monitor. The Finn unraveled himself into the image of Lonny Zone before a peeling Japanese poster wall. "Whatever you want, baby," Zone mumbled. "Let's get Lonny in there..."

"No," Case said, "use the Finn!" As Zone's image disappeared, he plugged in the Hitachi adapter and attached electrodes to his forehead.

"What stopped you?" Flatline asked, laughing. "I told you, leave it alone," Case replied.

"Joke, kid," the construction said. "For me time stands still. Well, let's see what we've got here..." The Kuang program was green, in the exact same tone as T-A Ice. It grew darker in front of his eyes, though he could clearly make out the black-spangled high image if he looked up. Broken lines and hallucinations were gone, and the thing looked real, just like Marcus Garvey, an obsolete jet without wings with a smooth, black-chrome exterior.

"Keep it up!" Flatline said.

"Keep going!" Case replied and switched on.

"... I didn't want to," 3Jane said, bandaging Molly's head. "Our team says no brain damage, no lasting eye injury. You didn't know him very well before you came here, did you?"

"I didn't know him at all," Molly said gloomily. She lay on her back on a high bed or padded table. Case couldn't feel the injured leg. The synesthetic effect of the first shot seemed to have worn off. The black sphere was gone, but his hands were secured with soft straps he couldn't see.

"He wants to kill you," 3Jane said.

"Thinks so," Molly replied, staring past the harsh light at the rough ceiling. "Maybe I don't want that," 3Jane said, leaning over her and kissing her on the forehead, as she could not see his eyes.

"Don't play with me!" Molly said.

"But maybe I do," 3Jane replied.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Она прижала волосы к голове. На её белом плаще были следы крови. — Где он сейчас? — спросила Молли. — Скорее всего, в следующий раз, — ответила Джейн и встала. — Он с нетерпением ждал твоего прибытия. Я бы с удовольствием позаботилась о тебе, Молли. — Она улыбнулась и мысленно вытерла кровавую руку о свою одежду. — Ноги нужно будет снова наложить, но это можно сделать. — Что с Питером? — Питер... — Джейн покачала головой. Темная прядь рассыпалась на её лбу. — Питер постепенно уходит из моей жизни. Я нахожу злоупотребление наркотиками в целом скучным. — Она хихикнула. — По крайней мере, в случае с другими. Мой отец был страстным потребителем наркотиков, как ты заметишь. — Молли напряглась. — Не волнуйся. — Джейн погладила пальцами кожу над ремнем её кожаных брюк. — К его самоубийству привело то, что я изменила его криогеническую программу. На самом деле, я никогда его не встречала, ты знаешь? Я была высвобождена из стекла после того, как он в последний раз ушел спать. Но я хорошо его знала. Вся информация есть в ядре. Я наблюдала, как он убил мою мать. Покажу тебе записи, если будет удобнее. Он задушил её в постели. — Почему он это сделал? — Неудивлённое взгляд Джейн устремился к её неокрепшему лицу. — Он не мог принять направление, которое она наметила для нашей семьи. Она поручила разработку наших искусственных интеллектов. Она была очень прогрессивной. Она мечтала о симбиозе между нами и ИИ, которые должны были принимать наши деловые решения. Наши осознанные решения, если говорить точнее. Тессер-Ашполл стал бы бессмертным, как инсектоидное государство, а каждый из нас — частью большего существа. Это захватывающе. Я сыграю тебе её записи, тысячи часов. Но я никогда не понимала их полностью, и с её смертью её направление потеряло смысл. Любое направление, и мы всё больше закрывались в себе. Теперь мы редко выходим наружу. Я — исключение. — Ты говоришь, ты пыталась убить старика, изменив его криогеническую программу? — Джейн кивнула. — У меня была поддержка. От призрака. В детстве я в это верила. Призраки были в ядре компании. Голоса. Одним из них был Уинтермут, как вы его называете, код Тьюринга для нашего бернского ИИ, хотя сущность, которая играет с вами, — это своего рода подпрограмма. — Еще один? — Она спросила. — Да, но он уже много лет не связывался со мной. Думаю, он отказался. Я боюсь, что оба обладают следствиями определенных возможностей, которые моя мать встроила в исходное программное обеспечение, но моя мать была очень скрытной, когда считала это необходимым. Вот, выпей! — Она поднесла гибкий пластиковый шланг к губам Молли. — Вода. Только немного. — "Джейн, дорогая", — раздался весёлый голос Ривьеры где-то в глубине, — ты развлекаешься? — "Оставь нас в покое, Питер!" — "Играешь, доктор..." — Внезапно Молли посмотрела в лицо Джейн, которое висело на расстоянии десяти сантиметров от её носа. Оно не было перевязано. Левое имплантат было разрушено. Длинный серебряный пластиковый палец глубоко вошел в глазное яблоко, оставляя кровавую лужу. — Хидео, — сказала Джейн, гладя Молли по животу, — сделай Питеру больно, если он не исчезнет. Пойдём плавать, Питер! — Проекция исчезла. 19:58:40 в темноте завязанного глаза. — Ты знаешь код, — сказал Питер. — Джейн говорит, что Питер нуждается в коде. — Винтермут должен иметь код, — добавил он. Кейс вдруг осознал, что имеет дело с ключом ЧУББ, который прижимался к внутренней изгибу её левого груди. — Да, — сказала Джейн, отодвинув руку. — Я узнала его в детстве. В одном сне, я думаю... или где-то в тысячах часов дневников матери. Но, по-моему, Питер прав, настаивая на том, чтобы не отдавать его. Я бы попробовала разозлить Тьюринга, если бы всё правильно поняла, и призраки, в лучшем случае, капризны. — Кейс покачал головой. — Странный тип, — сказал он финну, улыбаясь через старый Sony. — Кейс вздохнул. Он видел, как Мэлком с Ремингтоном на коленях возвращался по коридору. Ционит хихикал и качал головой в такт звукам, которые Кейс не мог слышать. Тонкая желтая проволока уходила от его ушей в карман безрукавки. — Звук, — сказал Мэлком. — Ты сумасшедший, — заметил Кейс. — Но я слышу правильный звук. — Эй, ребята, — сказал финн, — пора на ноги! Ваш транспорт подходит. Я не могу много поворачивать руль так гладко, как это сделал с картиной Джейн, которая выкинула из-за стола консьержа, но я могу доставить вас к дому Джейн. — Кейс вытащил адаптер из розетки, когда беспилотный сервисный автомобиль проехал мимо под аркой в конце коридора. Это могли быть те же люди с Африканцами, но если это и был тот самый, то теперь африканцы уходили. За спинкой низкого обтянутого сиденья, где маленькие манипуляторы застряли в обивке, маленький Браун мигал красными светодиодами. — Автобус ждёт, — сказал Кейс Мэлкому. 20. Злой гнев снова отступил. Он его скучал. Маленький автомобиль был переполнен: Мэлком с Ремингтоном на коленях и Кейс с конструкцией и декором на груди. Автомобиль ехал слишком быстро для своих возможностей; он был перегружен и угрожал перевернуться при поворотах, поэтому Мэлком стал лягать в повороты. Это не создавало проблем, пока автомобиль поворачивал налево, так как Кейс сидел справа. При правых поворотах Циониту приходилось наклоняться над Кейсом и его устройством и сильно давить его против подушки сиденья. Кейс понятия не имел, где они находятся. Всё казалось ему знакомым, но он не был уверен, видел ли он уже этот или тот участок. В изогнутом коридоре с витринами по обе стороны они увидели выставку, которую Кейс наверняка ещё не видел: 291
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Она прижала волосы к его голове. На белом плаще были следы крови. — Где он сейчас? — спросила Молли. — Скорее всего, в следующий раз, — ответила Джейн и выпрямилась. — Он с нетерпением ждал вашего прихода. Я бы с удовольствием заботилась о вашем здоровье, Молли. Она улыбнулась и мысленно вытерла кровавую руку о свою одежду. — Ноги нужно будет снова наложить, но это можно устранить. — Что с Питером? — Питер... — она вздохнула. — Питер постепенно уходит из моей жизни. Я нахожу злоупотребление наркотиками в целом скучным. Она рассмеялась. — По крайней мере, с другими так. Мой отец был страстным потребителем наркотиков, как вы заметите. Молли сжалась. — Не волнуйся. Джейн погладила ее кожу пальцами над ремнем кожи. — К его самоубийству привело то, что я изменила его криогеническую программу. На самом деле я никогда его не встречала, она была помещена в стеклянную камеру после того, как он в последний раз уснул. Но я знала его очень хорошо. Вся информация есть в ядре. Я наблюдала, как он убил мою мать. Покажу вам это, когда вы будете готовы. Он задушил ее в постели. — Почему он ее убил? — спросила Молли, глядя на неокрашенное лицо Джейн. — Он не мог принять направление, которое она видела для нашей семьи. Она поручила разработку наших искусственных интеллектов. Она была очень прогрессивной. Она мечтала о симбиозе между нами и ИИ, которые должны были принимать наши деловые решения. Мы, люди, — сказала Джейн, — должны были стать бессмертными, как в государстве-институции, и каждый из нас был бы частью более крупного образования. Это потрясающе. Я сыграю вам записи ее лент, тысячи часов. Но я никогда не понимала ее полностью, а после ее смерти ее направление потеряло смысл. Любое направление, и мы все больше закрывались в себе. Теперь мы редко выходим наружу. Я — исключение. — Ты говоришь, ты пыталась убить старика, изменив его криогеническую программу? — спросила Молли. — Да, — ответила Джейн. — У меня была поддержка. От призрака. В детстве я в это верила. Призраки были в ядре компании. Голоса. Одну из них звали Уинтермут, как вы его называете, код Тьюринга для нашего ИИ Берна... хотя сущность, которая играет с вами, — это своего рода подпрограмма. — Еще одна? — спросила Молли. — Да, но она не связывалась со мной уже много лет. Думаю, она отказалась. Я боюсь, что оба несут ответственность за последствия определенных возможностей, которые моя мать внедрила в исходное программное обеспечение... Моя мать была очень осторожной, когда считала это необходимым. — Пей! — сказала Джейн, протягивая гибкий пластиковый шланг Молли. — Вода. Только немного. — Джейн обратилась к радостно настроенному Ривьере где-то в глубине сцены: — Не мешай нам, Питер! — И к доктору... — Внезапно Молли посмотрела в лицо, которое висело на расстоянии десяти сантиметров от ее носа. Оно не было перевязано. Левое имплантат было разрушено. Длинный серебряный пластиковый палец глубоко вошел в глазную ямку, оставляя кровавую пятну. — Хидео, — сказала Джейн, гладя Молли по животу, — сделай Питеру больно, если он не исчезнет. Пойдем плавать, Питер! — Проекция исчезла. 19:58:40. Тьма в перевязанном глазу. — Ты знаешь код, — сказал Питер. — Сказал бы ты... Уинтермут нуждается в коде. — Внезапно Кейс осознал, что у него на шее был ключ ЧУББ, прижатый к внутренней круглой части ее левого груди. — Да, — сказала Джейн и отодвинула руку. — Я знаю его с детства... Думаю, в одном из снов... или где-то в тысячах часов дневниковых записей моей матери. Но, по-моему, Питер прав, настаивая на том, чтобы я не выдала код. Если я все правильно понимаю, у Тьюринга будут проблемы, и призраки, по крайней мере, капризны. — Кейс оторвался. — Странный тип, — сказал он финну, обращаясь к старому Сонию. — Кейс пожал плечами. Он видел, как Мэлком с Ремингтоном на коленях возвращался по коридору. Ционит улыбнулся и покачал головой в ритме, который Кейс не мог услышать. Из его ушей в карманную сумку на его безрукавке тянулся тонкий желтый провод. — Звук, — сказал Мэлком. — Ты сумасшедший, — понял Кейс. — Я слышу это... Это правильный звук. — Эй, ребята, — сказал финн, — пора в путь! Ваш транспорт подходит. Я не могу повернуть так гладко, как с изображением Джейн, которое вырвало дверь у охранника... но я могу отвезти вас к дому Джейн. — Кейс вытащил адаптер из разъема, когда беспилотный сервисный автомобиль проехал мимо под аркой в конце коридора. Это могли быть те самые люди с Африканами, но если это и был тот самый, то теперь африканцы ушли. За спинкой низкого, мягкого сиденья, где маленькие манипуляторы застряли в обивке, маленький Браун мигал красными светодиодами. — Автобус ждет, — сказал Кейс Мэлкому. 20. Гнев исчез. Он его снова потерял. Автомобиль был переполнен: Мэлком с Ремингтоном на коленях и Кейс с конструкцией и декором на груди. Машина ехала слишком быстро для своих возможностей; она была перегружена и при поворотах угрожала перевернуться, поэтому Мэлком стал лягать в повороты. Это не вызывало проблем, пока автомобиль не поворачивал налево, так как Кейс сидел справа. При правых поворотах Циониту приходилось прижимать Кейса к сиденью и его устройство, чтобы удержать его от опрокидывания. Кейсу было неизвестно, где они находятся. Все казалось ему знакомым, но он не был уверен, видел ли он этот участок раньше. В изогнутом коридоре с витринами по бокам была выставлена коллекция, которую он наверняка никогда не видел: 291
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Only the skull of a large bird, coins, and masks made of hammered silver. The six wheels of the service cart rolled silently over the piled carpets. There was only the whirring of the electric motor and occasionally a small crescendo in the Zion sound from the foam-padded headphones in Maelcum's ears when he leaned against Case to make a sharp right turn. The deck and construction pressed the shuriken in his jacket pocket into his hip. "Do you have a watch?" he asked Maelcum. The Zionite shook his fluffy head. "Time is time." "Damn it," said Case and closed his eyes. The Braun zipped across the carpet mountain and knocked on a door with one of its padded claws; it was an oversized, rectangular door made of dark, scuffed wood. Behind them, in the cart, things started to sizzle. Blue sparks shot from the air slits arranged like shutters. The spark shower poured onto the carpet beneath the cart. It smelled like singed wool. "Is this the way?" Maelcum eyed the door and disarmed his rifle. "Well," said Case more to himself than to Maelcum, "do you think I know that?" The sphere body of the Braun began rotating; an LED blinked. "It wants you to open the door," said Maelcum nodding. Case stepped forward and tried the ornate keyhole. It was a Mesingshield mounted at eye level on the door, so old that the once-engraved text had become unreadable scribble, the long-since faded name of a function or official worn away to oblivion. He idly wondered if Tessier-Ashpool had selected each Straylight piece individually or sourced them in bulk from a vast European inventory à la Metro Holographix. The hooks squeaked pitifully as he lifted the door and Maelcum, with his Remington at the ready, stood behind him. "Books," said Maelcum. The library, white, labeled steel shelves. "I know where we are," said Case. He looked back at the service cart. A smoke cloud rose from the carpet. "Come on!" he said. "Cart? Cart?" The Braun didn't move a muscle. It tugged at his pant leg, wrinkling his ankle. He had a strong urge to kick it. "Yes?" The Braun circled around the door, tapping its foot. He followed it. The monitor in the library was again a Sony, as old as the first one. The Braun stood beneath it and performed some sort of bee dance. "Wintermute?" Familiar features filled the screen. The Finn smiled. "Time to plug in, Case," said the Finn, turning his gaze up into the smoke of a cigarette. "Come on, plug in!" The Braun lunged at his ankle and started climbing up his leg, where the claws bit into the thin, black fabric. "Damn it!" He shoved the thing away; it tumbled against the wall. Two of its limbs started flailing about continuously through the air. "What's with that damn thing?" "Overheated," said the Finn. "Forget it! No problem. Plug in now!" There were four sockets below the monitor, but only one fit the Hitachi adapter. He plugged it in. Nothing. Grey emptiness. No matrix, no grid. No cyberspace. The deck was gone. His fingers... And at the distant edge of consciousness, an unsteady, fleeting impression that something was approaching him across miles of black mirror. He wanted to scream. It seemed there was a city behind the curve of the beach, but it was far away. He crouched in the wet sand, arms tightly wrapped around his knees, and shivered. In this position he remained for what felt like a long time, even after the shaking had stopped. The city, if that's what it was, was flat and grey. Sometimes it hid behind fog banks rolling in from over the surging sea. Once he concluded it wasn't a city at all but a single building, a ruin perhaps; it was impossible to gauge the distance. The sand had the color of tarnished silver, not quite black yet. The beach was very long, the sand was wet, the hem of his jeans was soaked from the sand... He held himself steady and swayed, humming a wordless song without melody. The sky had a different silver tone. Chiba. Like the sky in Chiba. Tokyo Bay? He turned his head and looked out over the sea, longing for the holographic Fuji Electric logo, the whine of a helicopter, anything at all. Behind him a seagull screeched. He shivered. Wind picked up. Sand blew into his face. He lowered his head to his knees and wept; his sobs sounded distant and strange like the call of a searching seagull. Hot urine soaked his jeans, trickled into the sand, and quickly cooled in the wind blowing from the water. When his tears had stopped, his throat ached. "Wintermute," he whispered to his knees, "Wintermute..." It grew dark now, and if he shivered it was from cold that eventually forced him to stand up. His knees and elbows hurt. He blew his nose; he wiped it on his jacket sleeve and then searched his empty pockets one by one. "Damn it," he said, shrugging his shoulders and warming his fingers in the armpits. "Damn it!" His teeth started chattering. The tide had drawn meaningful patterns across the beach, none of which a Tokyo gardener could have created. After taking a few steps toward the now invisible city, he turned around and looked into the encroaching darkness. His footprints ended at his location. No other tracks marred the dull sand. He estimated he'd walked at least a kilometer when he noticed the light. He was talking to Ratz at the time, and it was Ratz who spotted him first, the orange-red shimmer landward to his right. He knew that Ratz wasn't here, that the bartender was a figment of his imagination, and not how he was involved in this situation, but it didn't matter. He had called the man for some sort of comfort, but Ratz had his own ideas about Case and his dire situation. "Really, my artist," said Ratz, laughing as he walked beside him and swung his pink clawed hand. Despite the darkness, Case could make out the strange steel mesh on the black teeth of the bartender. "But I suppose that's how it is with artists, right? You needed this made-for-you world, this beach, this place: to die." Case stopped, turned to face the roaring sea and swirling sand. "Well," he said. "Damn it - I mean..." He walked toward the roar. "Artist," called Ratz. "The light! Have you seen a light? Here. The direction..." He stopped again, swayed, fell to his knees in a few millimeters of icy seawater. "Ratz? Light? Ratz... " But now it was completely dark, and all he could hear was the roar of the sea. He pulled himself up and tried to find his footprints again. Time passed. He kept walking. And then there it was, the glimmer of light growing clearer with each step. A rectangle. A door.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The skull of a large bird, coins, masks made of hammered silver. The six wheels of the service cart rolled silently over the piled carpets. There was only the hum of the electric motor and occasionally a small crescendo in the Zion sound from the foam-padded headphones in Maelcum's ears when he leaned against Case, making a sharp right turn at the same time. The deck and construction pressed the shuriken in his jacket pocket into his hip. "Do you have a watch?" he asked Maelcum. The Zionite shook his fluffy head. "Time is time." "Jesus," said Case and closed his eyes. The Braun zipped over the carpet mountain and tapped with one of its padded claws on a oversized, rectangular door made of dark, worn wood. Behind them in the cart, it started to smolder. Blue sparks shot from the slats arranged like shutters. The spark rain poured onto the carpet beneath the cart. It smelled like singed wool. "Is this the way, you?" Maelcum eyed the door and disarmed his rifle. "Hey," Case said more to himself than to Maelcum, "do you think I know that?" The ball body of the Braun began rotating; the LED blinked. "It wants you to open the door," said Maelcum nodding. Case stepped forward and tried the ornate keyhole. It was an ancient messaging sign attached to the door at eye level, so old that the once engraved text had become unreadable scribbles, the faded name of a function or official worn beyond recognition. He wondered incidentally whether Tessier-Ashpool had selected each Straylight piece individually or sourced them in bulk from a huge European fund like Metro Holographix. The hooks squealed wearily as he lifted the door and Maelcum positioned himself behind him, his Remington at the ready. "Books," said Maelcum. The library, the white, labeled steel shelves. "I know where we are," said Case. He looked back at the service cart. A smoke cloud rose from the carpet. "Come on!" he said. "Cart? Cart?" The Braun didn't move. He tugged at his pant leg, wrinkling it around his ankle. He had a strong urge to kick it. "Yes?" The Braun circled the door, tapping it with his foot. He followed him. The monitor in the library was again a Sony, as old as the first one. The Braun stood beneath it and performed some sort of bee dance. "Wintermute?" Familiar features filled the screen. The Finn smiled. "Time to plug in, Case," said the Finn, turning his eyes up into the smoke of a cigarette. "Come on, plug in!" The Braun lunged at his ankle and started climbing up his leg where the grippers bit into the thin, black fabric. "Shit!" He knocked it away and it tumbled against the wall. Two of his limbs began flailing about continuously through the air. "What's wrong with this damn thing?" "Shorted out," said the Finn. "Forget it! No problem. Plug in now!" There were four sockets beneath the monitor, but only one fit for the Hitachi adapter. He plugged it in. Nothing. Gray emptiness. No matrix, no grid. No cyberspace. The deck was gone. His fingers... And at the distant edge of consciousness, an unsteady, fleeting impression that something was approaching him over miles of black mirror. He wanted to scream. It seemed there was a city behind the curve of the beach, but it was far away. He crouched in the wet sand, arms tightly wrapped around his knees, and shivered. In this position he remained for a long time, as it seemed to him, even after the shaking had stopped. The city, if it was a city, was flat and gray. Sometimes it hid behind rolling mist banks that swept over the surging sea. Once he concluded it wasn't actually a city but a single building, a ruin perhaps; it was impossible to gauge the distance. The sand had the color of tarnished silver, not yet entirely black. The beach consisted of sand, the beach was very long, the sand was wet, the hem of his jeans was soaked from the sand... He held himself steady and swayed, humming a song without words or melody. The sky had a different silver tone. Chiba. Like the sky of Chiba. Tokyo Bay? He turned his head and looked out over the sea, longing for the holographic logo of Fuji Electric, the whine of a helicopter, anything at all. Behind him a seagull screeched. He shivered. Wind came up. Sand blew into his face. He lowered his head to his knees and wept; his sobs sounded distant and foreign like the cry of the searching seagull. Hot urine soaked his jeans, trickled into the sand, and quickly cooled in the wind blowing from the water. When his tears had dried, his throat ached. "Wintermute," he whispered to his knees, "Wintermute... " It grew dark now, and if he shivered it was from cold that finally forced him to stand up. His knees and elbows hurt. His nose ran; he wiped it on his jacket sleeve and then searched his empty pockets one by one. "Jesus," he said, shrugging his shoulders and warming his fingers in the armpits. "Jesus!" His teeth began to chatter. The tide had drawn senseless patterns across the beach, none that a gardener of Tokyo could have created. After taking a few steps toward the now invisible city, he turned around and looked into the encroaching darkness. His footprints ended at his location. No other tracks marred the dull sand. He estimated he'd walked at least a kilometer when he noticed the light. He was talking with Ratz, and it was Ratz who first spotted him, the orange-red shimmer to the right landward. He knew that Ratz wasn't here, that the bartender was a figment of his imagination, and not how he was involved in this situation, but it didn't matter. He had called the man for some kind of solace, but Ratz had his own ideas about Case and his dire situation. "Really, my artist, you amaze me. How far you go to bring about your self-destruction. What an excess of effort! In Night City you had everything at hand! The speed to devour your mind, the drinks to keep everything nice and liquid, Linda for the sweeter sufferings, and the street to stay in business. How far you've come to do this now, and what bizarre settings... A playground in orbit, hermetic castles, the rarest roots of old Europe, bodies packed into small boxes, magic from China... "Ratz laughed as he walked beside him, swinging his pink clawed hand happily. Despite the darkness Case could see the strange steel mesh on the black teeth of the bartender. "But I suppose that's how it is with artists, right? You needed this world you created for yourself, this beach, this place: to die." Case stopped, turned his back to the roaring sea and swirling sand. "Well," he said. "Fuck - I mean... " He walked toward the roar. "Artist," heard Ratz call out. "The light! Have you seen a light? Here. The direction..." He stopped again, swayed, fell to his knees in a few millimeters of icy seawater. "Ratz? Light? Ratz... " But now it was completely dark and all he could hear was the roar of the sea. He pulled himself up and tried to find his footprints again. Time passed. He kept walking. And then there it was, the glimmer of light growing clearer with each step. A rectangle. A door.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Fire inside," he said, and the wind carried his syllables away. It was a bunker of stone or concrete, buried under drift sand. The entrance was low, narrow, without a door, and deep, set into a meter-thick wall. "Hey," Case whispered. "Hey..." His fingers glided over the cold wall. There was fire inside; shadows danced across the sides of the entrance. He bent down deeply and was through with three steps, inside. A girl crouched on rusted iron, some kind of fire pit where driftwood burned. The wind drew smoke through a chimney hole. The fire glowed like a single candle, and as his gaze met her wide, bewildered eyes, he recognized her headband, a rolled scarf, patterned like enlarged circuits. He denied her arms that night, denied the food she offered him, the space beside her in the nest of blankets and foam flakes. Finally, he sat down next to the door and watched the sleeping, listened to the wind gnawing at the walls. Every hour or so he stood up, went to the makeshift stove and added fresh driftwood from the pile there beside. None of it was real, but cold was cold. She wasn't real, lying there rolled to the side in the firelight. He looked at her mouth, her slightly parted lips. She was the girl he remembered from the shared ride across the bay, and that was cruel. "Cruel, asshole," he whispered into the wind. "You don't take risks, do you? You wouldn't throw me anything random, would you? I know what this is about...” He tried to hold desperation at bay in his voice. "I know who you are," he said. "You're the other one. Jane told Molly. The burning bush. That wasn't Wintermute, that was you. You wanted to warn me with the brown. Now you've got me brain-dead, here. Nowhere. With a ghost. I remember her..." She twitched in sleep, called out something, pulled a piece of blanket over her shoulder and cheek. "You're nothing," he told the sleeping girl. "You're dead and didn't matter to me anyway. You hear that, buddy? I know what this is about. I'm brain-dead. It all happened in twenty seconds, right? I'm fucked, I'm in the library, and my brain's dead. And it'll be dead soon if you have any sense. You don't want Wintermute to pull this shit, that's why you locked me here. Dixie will run the Kuang, but the asshole is dead, and you can predict his actions with certainty. This Linda bullshit, yeah, that was you, right? Wintermute tried using her when he shoved me into the Chiba construct, but it didn't work for him. Too tricky, he said. That was you, moving stars around in Freeside, wasn't it? That was you who planted her face on the dead doll in Ashpool's room. Molly never saw it. You just messed with her Simstim signal because you thought you could hurt me. Fuck off, asshole, whatever your name is! You've won. You're winning. But that doesn't matter to me, clear? My thinking isn't affected by any of this, right? What are you playing at? " His voice was shrill and he trembled again. "Sweetie," she said, burrowing out from the torn blankets, "come here and sleep! I'll stay awake if you want. You have to sleep, okay?" She murmured sleepily. "Sleep now, okay?" When he woke up, she was gone. The fire was out but it was warm inside the bunker; sunlight streamed through the entrance at an angle, casting a crooked, golden square on the side of a large glass fiber container. The thing was a shipping container, like he remembered from the docks in Chiba. Through a gap in the side he saw half a dozen yellow packages. In the sunlight they glistened like oversized butter blocks. His stomach clenched with hunger. He rolled out of the nest and went to the container, fishing one of the things out. Blinking, he read the tiny print on a dozen languages: NOT RATION, PROTEIN-RICH, "MEAT," TYPE AG-8. Below was a nutritional analysis. He pulled another package out. "EGGS." "If you're making all this shit," he said, "you could at least pass along a proper meal, okay?" With a package in each hand, he walked through the four rooms of the building. Two were empty except for sand dunes, and in the fourth stood three more containers filled with emergency rations. "Sure," he said, running his fingers over the seals. "Long stay. Got it. For sure..." He searched the room with the fire pit and found a plastic bucket of rainwater, as he suspected. Next to the nest of blankets lay a cheap red lighter, a sailor's knife with a cracked green handle, and her scarf. It was still knotted and staring at him with dirt and sweat. With the knife he slit open the yellow packages, poured their contents into a rusty pot he found on the stove, mixed it with water from the bucket, and ate. It barely tasted like meat. When the pot was empty, he threw it into the fire pit and went outside. Later in the afternoon, judging by the strength and position of the sun. He kicked off his wet nylon shoes and marveled at how warm the sand felt. In daylight the beach had a silvery gray hue. The sky was clear, blue. He walked around the bunker then headed for the sea, dropping his jacket in the sand. "I don't know whose memories you're using this time," he said as he reached the water's edge. He peeled off his jeans and threw them into the shallow waves. His T-shirt and underwear followed. "What are you doing, Case?" He turned around and saw her ten meters behind him on the beach; white foam swirled around her ankles. "I've had it up to here tonight," he said. "Well, that's not something you'll want to wear anymore. Salt water. You'll get a sore from that. I'll show you the pond in the rocks." She gestured vaguely behind her. "Freshwater." The washed-out French overall was torn above her knees; her skin underneath was smooth and brown. A breeze ruffled through her hair. "Listen," he said, gathering his clothes, "I have a question for you. I don't even want to know what you're doing here. But what do you think I'm doing here?" He stopped; a wet, black pant leg clapped against his bare thigh. "You came last night," she said and smiled at him. "And that's enough for you? I just showed up?" "He said you'd come," she explained, sniffing.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Fire in there," he said, and the wind carried his syllables away. It was a bunker of stone or concrete, buried under drift sand. The entrance was low, narrow, without a door and deep, set into a meter-thick wall. "Hey," Case whispered. "Hey..." His fingers glided over the cold wall. There was fire inside; shadows danced across the sides of the entrance. He bent down and was through with three steps, inside. A girl crouched on rusty iron, some sort of fire pit where driftwood burned. The wind drew smoke through a chimney hole. The fire glowed like a single light, and as his gaze met her wide, bewildered eyes, he recognized her headband, an rolled-up scarf, patterned like enlarged circuits. He refused her arms that night, refused the food she offered him, the place beside her in the nest of blankets and foam flakes. Finally, he sat down next to the door and watched the sleeping, listened to the wind gnawing at the walls. Every hour or so he would stand up, go to the makeshift stove and add fresh driftwood from the pile by the side. None of it was real, but cold was cold. She wasn't real, lying there rolled to the side in the firelight. He studied her mouth, her slightly parted lips. She was the girl he remembered from the shared ride across the bay, and that was cruel. "Cruel bastard," he whispered into the wind. "You don't take risks, do you? You wouldn't throw me something random, would you? I know what this is about... " He struggled to keep desperation out of his voice. "I know who you are," he said. "You're the other one. Jane told Molly. The burning bush. It wasn't Wintermute, it was you. You tried to warn me with the brown. Now you've got me brain-dead, stuck here. Nowhere. With a ghost. I remember her..." She stirred in sleep, muttered something, pulled a piece of blanket over her shoulder and cheek. "You're nothing," he told the sleeping girl. "You're dead and didn't matter to me anyway. You hear me, buddy? I know what this is about. I'm brain-dead. It all happened in twenty seconds, right? I'm screwed, stuck here in the library, my brain's dead. And it'll be dead soon if you have any sense. You don't want Wintermute to pull this stunt, do you? So you lock me up here. Dixie will run the gauntlet, but the ass is dead, and his actions are predictable. This Linda crap, yeah, that was you, right? Wintermute tried using her when he shoved me into the Chiba construct, but it didn't work out for him. Too tricky, he said. That was you who jiggled the stars around in Freeside, wasn't it? That was you who pressed her face onto the dead doll in Ashpool's room. Molly never saw it. You just messed with her Simstim signal because you thought you could hurt me. Fuck off, whatever your name is! You've won. You keep winning. But that doesn't matter to me, clear as day, right? Do I care? Why are you playing these games with me? " His voice was shrill and he trembled again. "Sweetie," she said, digging herself out of the tattered blankets, "come here and sleep! I'll stay awake if you want. You have to sleep, okay?" She purred, half-asleep. "Sleep now, okay?" When he woke up, she was gone. The fire was out, but it was warm inside the bunker; sunlight streamed through the entrance at an angle, casting a crooked, golden square on one side of a large glass fiber container. The thing was a shipping container, like he remembered from the docks in Chiba. Through a crack in the side, he saw half a dozen yellow packages. In the sunlight they gleamed like oversized chunks of butter. His stomach clenched with hunger. He rolled out of the nest and went to the container, pulling one of the things out. Blinking, he read the tiny print on a dozen languages: NOT RATION, PROTEIN-RICH, "MEAT," TYPE AG-8. Below was a nutritional analysis. He pulled another package from the container. "EGGS." "If you're going to make all this stuff," he said, "you could at least bring me a proper meal, huh?" With one package in each hand, he walked through the four rooms of the building. Two were empty except for sand dunes, and in the fourth stood three more containers filled with emergency rations. "Sure thing," he said, running his fingers over the seals. "Long-term stay. Got it. For sure..." He searched the room with the fire pit and found a plastic water can like he thought they used to collect rainwater. On the wall next to the nest of blankets lay a cheap red lighter, a sailor's knife with a cracked green handle, and her scarf. It was still knotted and stiff with dirt and sweat. With the knife, he slit open the yellow packages, poured their contents into a rusty pot he found on the stove, and mixed it with water from the can. He ate it, and it barely tasted like meat. When the pot was empty, he threw it in the fire pit and went outside. Later that afternoon, judging by the strength of the sun and its position. He kicked off his wet nylon shoes and wondered how warm the sand felt. In daylight, the beach had a silvery-gray hue. The sky was clear, blue. He walked around the bunker and then headed for the sea, leaving his jacket in the sand. "I don't know whose memories you're using this time," he said as he reached the water's edge. He peeled off his jeans and threw them into the shallow waves. His T-shirt and underwear followed. "What are you doing, Case?" She turned around and stood ten meters behind him on the beach; white foam swirled around her ankles. "I stuffed myself full last night," he said. "Well, that's not something you're going to want to wear anymore. Salt water. You'll get a rash from it. I'll show you the pond in the rocks." She glanced over her shoulder briefly. "Freshwater." The washed-out French overall was torn above her knees; her skin underneath was smooth and brown. A breeze blew through her hair. "Listen," he said, gathering his clothes, "I have a question for you. I don't even want to know what you're doing here. But what do you think I'm doing here?" He stopped; a wet, black pant leg slapped against his bare thigh. "You came last night," she said and smiled at him. "And that's it? You just showed up?" "He said I was coming," she explained, sniffing.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
She rubbed the salt from her other ankle, her left one. "That's what he knew, I guess," she said. She lifted her left foot and unhelpfully childlike scrubbed at the salt on her other ankle. She smiled at him again, this time more tentatively. "And now," she demanded, "you're going to answer me something, okay?" He nodded. "Why are you so brown all over except for one foot?" "And that's the last thing you remember?" He watched as she scraped away the remnants of the freeze-dried mix from the rectangular steel box lid, her only plate. She nodded. Her eyes looked big in the firelight. "I'm sorry, Case, honestly," she said. "It was just shit, I guess, and..." She crouched forward, crossing her arms over her knees; pain or memory twisted her face for a moment. "I needed the money. To go home, I guess, or... Shit." "You never wanted to talk to me," he accused. "How about some cigarettes?" "Damn it, Case, you've asked me that ten times already! What's wrong with you?" She ran a strand of hair through her mouth and chewed on it. "Was the food there? Was it there already?" "Man," she said, "I told you, it washed up on that shitty beach." "Okay," he conceded, "it is endless." She started crying again, dry sobs. "Oh, fuck it, Case," she finally burst out. "I did fine without you here." He stood up, took his jacket and left through the door, scraping his hand on the rough concrete as he went. There was no moon, no wind—just the sea crashing around in the darkness. His pants were tight and wet. "Okay," he said to the night, "I guess I believe it. I think I do." But by morning a few cigarettes would have washed up, he thought. That startled him. "A case of beer wouldn't hurt either, if you're going to be at it." He turned around and went back into the bunker. She stirred the embers with a silver wooden stick.  "Who was that, Case, up in your coffin in the cheap hotel? A gleaming samurai lady with glitter and leather clothes. Scared me. After that I thought maybe she was your new girl, although she seemed to want more money than you could afford..." She looked at him. "I'm really sorry I stole your RAM," she said.  "No big deal," he replied. "Irrelevant. So you just slipped it over to the guy and had him fire it up for you?"  "Tony."  "We'd seen each other from time to time, right? He was into it, and we..." Well, anyway, she remembered that he played it on his monitor. It was amazing graphics stuff. She remembered being surprised how you...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
She rubbed her ankle with the left foot, unhandedly childlike. "That's what he knew," she thought. She looked at him again, this time more timidly. "Now answer me something, okay?" He nodded. "Why are you so brown all over except for one foot?" "And that's the last thing you remember?" He watched her scrape up the remnants of the freeze-dried mix on the rectangular steel box lid, her only plate. She nodded. Her eyes looked big in the firelight. "I'm sorry, Case, honestly. It was just shit, I guess, and...” She crouched down, crossing her arms over her knees; the pain or memory of it twisted her face momentarily. "I needed the money. To go home, I guess, or..." "Damn," she said. "You barely wanted to talk to me." "Any cigarettes?" "Goddamn it, Case, you've asked me that ten times already! What's wrong with you?" She ran a strand of hair through her mouth and chewed on it. "But was the food there? Was it there already?" "Man," she said, "I told you, it washed up on that damn beach." "Okay, I get it. It goes on forever." She started crying again, dry sobs. "Come on, Case," she finally managed to say. "I've been fine without you." He stood up, took off his jacket and left through the door, scraping his hand on the rough concrete as he went. There was no moon, no wind—just the sea roaring around in the darkness. His pants were tight and wet. "Okay," he said to the night, "I guess I do. I think I do. But tomorrow a few cigarettes will be washed up." The sudden laughter startled him. "A case of beer wouldn't hurt either, if you're already there." He turned around and went back into the bunker. She stirred the embers with a silver wooden stick. "Who was that, Case, up in your coffin in the cheap hotel? A gleaming samurai lady with glitter and leather clothes. Scared me. After that, I thought maybe she's your new girl, even though she looked like she could've used more money than you could afford...” She looked at him. "I'm really sorry I stole your RAM."  "No big deal," he said. "Irrelevant. So you just slipped it across to the guy and had him fire it up for you?" "Tony," she said. "We'd see each other from time to time, and... He was into it, and we..." Well, anyway, I remember that he played it on his monitor. It was really amazing graphics stuff." She paused. "I didn't know where all those pictures of me came from when I was little, Case. Like my dad before he disappeared. Once he gave me a painted wooden duck, and... you had a picture of that..." "Did Tony see that?"  "I don't remember. Then I was on the beach at dawn. The birds were screeching so desolately. I was scared because I had nothing with me, and knew I'd get sick... And I walked and walked until it got dark, and found this place. The next day food washed up, wrapped in that green, salty stuff from the sea." She shoved the stick into the embers and left it there. "I didn't get sick," she said as the wood began to glow weakly.  "The cigarettes were more important. How about you, Case? Are you still high?" The firelight danced over her cheeks, reminding her of a magical castle and European armored warfare.  "No," he said, and then it no longer mattered what he knew, as he tasted salt on her lips where the tears had dried. There was a force in her that he recognized from Night City, one he'd clung to, keeping himself away from time and death for a while, from the relentless street that hunted them all. He knew this place from before; not everyone could get him here, and somehow he always managed to forget it. It was something he'd lost and found so many times. It belonged, as she remembered when she pulled him down to her, to the flesh, the flesh that cowboys mocked. It was something big, something immeasurable, a sea of information, spirally and pheromonically encrypted, infinitely subtle, decipherable only by the body in its strong, blind way. The zipper got stuck as he opened the French overall, the nylon hooks tangled with salt. He tore it, and a tiny metal piece flew against the wall as the salt-damaged fabric gave way, and then he was inside her, conveying the old message. Here, even here, at a place he knew from a stranger's forgotten memory, the drive took hold. She pressed herself to him, shivering, as the stick flared and cast their united shadows on the bunker wall. Later, when he lay beside her, his hand between her thighs, he remembered how she'd stood on the beach, the white foam playing around her ankles, and then he remembered what she'd said. "He told me you were coming," he whispered.  But she only cuddled closer to him, pressing herself against his thighs, laying her hand on his, murmuring something in a dream. The music that at first sounded like his own heartbeat woke him up. He sat up next to her, pulled his jacket over his shoulders in the morning chill. Gray dawn light at the entrance. The fire was long out.  Through his field of vision crawled ghostly hieroglyphs, transparent stroke symbols forming on the neutral background of the bunker wall. He looked at his palms, saw faint neon markings shifting under the skin according to an incomprehensible code. He raised his right hand and moved it tentatively. A weak, fading glow of flickering afterimages left behind.  Hair on his arms and neck stood up. He sat there with bared teeth, listening for the music. His pulse skipped, then started again... "What's wrong?" She sat up, wiped hair from her eyes. "Baby..."  "I feel... like I'm tripping... Can you handle this?" She shook her head, reached for him, put her hands on his upper arms. "Linda, who told you? Who said he'd come?"  "On the beach," she said, and something compelled her to look away. "A boy. About thirteen. Lives there."  "What did he say?"  "He said you were coming. He said you wouldn't hate me. He said we'd be fine here, and told me where the rain hole was. He looks like a Mexican."  "Brazilian," Case said as another set of symbols streamed across the wall. "From Rio, I think." He stood up, tugged on his jeans.  "Case," she said in a trembling voice, "where are you going?"  "I'm going to find that boy," he said as the music started again: still just a steady, familiar beat, one he couldn't yet place.  "Not, Case."  "I think I saw something when I came here. A city down on the beach. But it wasn't there yesterday. Have you seen it?" He zipped up his jacket and tied his shoelaces; finally, he kicked off his shoes and threw them in a corner. She nodded, looking down.  "Yes," she said, "I see that sometimes."  "Have you been there, Linda?" He slipped into his jacket.  "No," she said, "but I've tried to get there once."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Ich war noch nicht lange hier, da langweilte ich mich. Egal, dachte ich mir, wenn es eine Stadt ist, könnte ich vielleicht irgendetwas bekommen. Sie verzog das Gesicht. Ich war gar nicht krank, ich wollte einfach etwas. Also packte ich Essen in eine Dose, rührte es flüssig um, weil ich keine zweite Dose für Wasser hatte. Und dann ging ich den ganzen Tag lang. Manchmal sah ich die Stadt. Sie schien nicht weit entfernt zu sein, aber sie kam nicht näher. Und dann kam sie näher und ich sah, was es war. An diesem Tag sah es manchmal wie eine Ruine oder auch verlassen aus, und ein anderes Mal glaubte ich, den Lichtkegel einer Maschine zu sehen, von Autos oder so...“ Ihre Stimme verblasste. „Und was ist es?“ „Das hier.“ Sie zeigte auf das Feuer, die dunklen Wände, den Morgengrauen, das durch die Eingangslücke schimmerte. „Unsere Behausung. Je näher man kommt, desto kleiner wird sie.“ Er hielt noch einmal vor dem Eingang an. „Hast du den Jungen danach gefragt?“ „Ja. Er sagte, ich würde es nicht verstehen und meine Zeit verschwenden. Es sei gewissermaßen... ein Ereignis. Und unser Horizont.“ Mit diesen Begriffen konnte Case nichts anfangen. Er verließ den Bunker und ging ohne Ziel los, wobei er sich irgendwie vorsah, sich vom Meer zu entfernen. Jetzt breiteten sich die Hieroglyphen auf dem Sand aus und wichen seinen Schritten aus. „He“, sagte er, „es bricht zusammen. Ich wette, du weißt das auch. Was ist es denn, Kuang? Zerreißt der chinesische Eisbrecher dein Herz? Ist die Dixie Flatline doch ein harter Brocken für dich, was?“ Er hörte, wie sie seinen Namen rief. Er schaute sich um und sah, dass sie ihm folgte, aber nicht versuchte, ihn einzuholen. Der kaputte Reißverschluss ihrer französischen Hose flatterte vor ihrem braunen Bauch, und Schamhaar schien durch den Riss. Sie sah aus wie ein zum Leben erwachtes Mädchen aus alten Finne-Magazinen im Metro Holografix, nur war sie müde und traurig und ganz Mensch; in ihrem zerrissenen Gewand stolperte sie über das salzig-silbrige Seegras, machte ein klägliches Bild. Und dann standen sie irgendwie im Wasser, alle drei, und das Zahnfleisch des Jungen leuchtete breit und rosa aus seinem braunen Gesicht. Er trug schäbige, farblose Shorts, und seine Glieder wirkten schmächtig vor dem fließenden Blau der Wellen. „Ich kenne dich“, sagte Case an Lindas Seite. „Nein“, antwortete der Junge mit piepsender, melodischer Stimme, „du kennst mich nicht.“ „Du bist die andere KI. Du bist Rio. Du willst Wintermute aufhalten. Wie heißt du? Dein Turing-Code? Nun?“ Der Junge machte einen Handstand in den Wellen und lachte. Er ging auf Händen und sprang dann aus dem Wasser. Seine Augen waren wie Rivieras, aber nicht feindselig. „Um einen Dämon zu beschwören, muss man seinen Namen wissen. Einst träumten die Menschen davon, und jetzt ist es auf andere Weise Wirklichkeit geworden. Das weißt du, Case. Es ist deine Aufgabe, die Namen von Programmen herauszufinden, die langen, formellen Namen, die die Besitzer zu verbergen suchen. Wahre Namen...“ „Ein Turing-Code ist kein Name.“ „Neuromancer“, sagte der Junge mit zusammengekniffenen, grauen Augen zur aufgehenden Sonne. „Der Weg ins Reich der Toten. Wo du bist, mein Freund. Mylady Marie-France hat diesen Weg bereitet, aber Mylord hat sie erwürgt, bevor ich ihr Tagebuch einsehen konnte. Neuro von Nerven, die silbernen Pfade. Romancer. Romantiker. Nekromant. Ich rufe die Toten. Aber nein, mein Freund“, und der Junge vollführte einen kleinen Tanz, stampfte mit seinen braunen Füßen im Sand, „ich bin die Toten und ihr Reich.“ Er lachte. Eine Möwe kreischte. „Bleib! Wenn dein Mädchen ein Gespenst ist, weiß es das nicht. So wie du es nicht wissen wirst.“ „Du zerbrichst. Das Eis bricht.“ „Nein“, sagte er plötzlich traurig und ließ die schmächtigen Schultern hängen. Er scharrte mit dem Fuß im Sand. „Es ist noch viel einfacher. Aber du hast die Wahl.“ Die grauen Augen sahen Case ernst an. Eine neue Reihe von Symbolen huschte Zeile für Zeile über sein Sichtfeld. Der Junge hinter ihnen flimmerte wie Luft über heißem Asphalt. Die Musik war jetzt laut, und Case konnte fast den Text hören: „Case, mein Schatz“, sagte Linda und berührte ihn am Schultergelenk. „Nein“, sagte er. Er zog seine Jacke aus und reichte sie ihr. „Ich weiß nicht“, sagte er, „vielleicht bist du hier. Auf jeden Fall wird es kalt.“ Er wandte sich ab und ging davon, und nach dem siebten Schritt schloss er die Augen und lauschte der Musik, die sich im Zentrum alles Seins artikulierte. Einmal blickte er zurück, öffnete dabei aber nicht die Augen. Das war auch nicht nötig. Sie standen am Rand des Meeres. Linda Lee und der schmächtige Junge, der sagte, er heiße Neuromancer.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Ich war noch nicht lange hier, da langweilte ich mich. Ich dachte mir zumindest, wenn es eine Stadt wäre, könnte ich vielleicht etwas Schmutziges bekommen. Sie verzog das Gesicht. "Ich war gar nicht krank, ich wollte nur etwas. Also packte ich Essen in eine Dose, rührte es flüssig um, weil ich keine zweite Dose für Wasser hatte. Und dann ging ich den ganzen Tag lang. Manchmal sah ich die Stadt. Es schien nicht weit entfernt zu sein. Aber sie kam nicht näher. Und dann kam sie näher, und ich sah, was es war. An diesem Tag sah es manchmal aus wie eine Ruine oder auch verlassen, und ein anderes Mal glaubte ich, den Lichtkegel einer Maschine zu sehen, von Autos oder so..." Ihre Stimme verflachte. "Und was ist es?" "Das hier." Sie zeigte auf das Feuer, die dunklen Wände, den Morgengrauen, das durch den Eingang drang. "Unsere Behausung. Je näher man kommt, desto kleiner wird sie, Case." Er hielt noch einmal am Eingang an. "Hast du danach gefragt?" "Ja. Er sagte, ich würde es nicht verstehen und meine Zeit verschwenden. Er sagte, es sei gewissermaßen... ein Ereignis. Und unser Horizont." Mit diesen Begriffen konnte Case nichts anfangen. Er verließ den Bunker und ging ohne Ziel los, wobei er sich irgendwie im Gefühl war, sich vom Meer zu entfernen. Jetzt breiteten sich die Hieroglyphen auf dem Sand aus und wichen seinen Schritten aus. "He", sagte er, "es bricht zusammen. Ich wette, du weißt das auch. Was ist es, Kuang? Zerrt der chinesische Eisbrecher ein Loch in dein Herz? Ist die Dixie Flatline doch ein harter Brocken für dich, was?" Er hörte, wie sie seinen Namen rief. Er schaute sich um und sah, dass sie ihm folgte, aber nicht versuchte, ihn einzuholen. Der kaputte Reißverschluss ihrer französischen Hose flatterte vor ihrem braunen Bauch, und Schamhaar schimmerte durch den Riss. Sie sah aus wie ein zum Leben erwachtes Mädchen aus den alten Magazinen des Finnen im Metro Holografix, nur war sie müde und traurig und ganz Mensch; in ihrem zerrissenen Gewand machte sie, über die salzig-silbrigen Seegrasbüschel stolpernd, ein klägliches Bild. Und dann standen sie irgendwie im Wasser, alle drei, und das Zahnfleisch des Jungen leuchtete breit und rosa aus seinem braunen Gesicht. Er trug schäbige, farblose Shorts, und seine Glieder wirkten schmächtig vor dem fließenden Blaugrau der Wellen. "Ich kenne dich", sagte Case an Lindas Seite. "Nein", antwortete der Junge mit piepsender, melodischer Stimme, "du kennst mich nicht." "Du bist die andere KI. Du bist Rio. Du bist derjenige, der Wintermute aufhalten will. Wie ist dein Name? Dein Turing-Code? Nun?" Der Junge machte eine Handstand in den Wellen und lachte. Er ging auf den Händen und sprang dann aus dem Wasser. Seine Augen waren wie Rivieras, aber nicht feindselig. "Um einen Dämon zu beschwören, muss man seinen Namen wissen. Einst träumten die Menschen davon, und jetzt ist es auf andere Weise Realität geworden. Das weißt du, Case. Es ist deine Aufgabe, die Namen von Programmen herauszufinden, die langen, formellen Namen, die die Besitzer zu verbergen suchen. Wahre Namen..." "Ein Turing-Code ist kein Name." "Neuromancer", sagte der Junge mit zusammengekniffenen, grauen Augen zur aufgehenden Sonne. "Der Weg ins Reich der Toten. Wo du bist, mein Freund. Mylady Marie-France hat diesen Weg bereitet, aber Mylord hat sie erwürgt, bevor ich ihr Tagebuch einsehen konnte. Neuro von Nerven, die silbernen Pfade. Romancer. Romantiker. Nekromant. Ich rufe die Toten. Aber nein, mein Freund", und der Junge vollführte einen kleinen Tanz, stampfte mit seinen braunen Füßen den Sand, "ich bin die Toten und ihr Reich." Er lachte. Eine Möwe schrie. "Bleib! Wenn dein Mädchen ein Gespenst ist, weiß es das nicht. So wirst du es auch nie erfahren." "Du zerbrichst. Das Eis bricht." "Nein", sagte er plötzlich traurig und ließ die schmächtigen Schultern hängen. Er scharrte mit dem Fuß im Sand. "Es ist viel einfacher. Aber du hast die Wahl." Die grauen Augen betrachteten Case ernsthaft. Eine neue Reihe von Symbolen huschte Zeile für Zeile durch sein Sichtfeld. Der Junge hinter ihnen flimmerte wie die Luft über sommerlich heißem Asphalt. Die Musik war jetzt laut, und Case konnte fast den Text hören: "Case, mein Schatz", sagte Linda und berührte ihn an der Schulter. "Nein", sagte er. Er zog seine Jacke aus und reichte sie ihr. "Ich weiß nicht", sagte er, "vielleicht bist du hier. Auf jeden Fall wird es kalt." Er wandte sich ab und ging davon, und nach dem siebten Schritt schloss er die Augen und lauschte der Musik, die sich im Zentrum alles Seins artikulierte. Einmal blickte er zurück, öffnete dabei aber nicht die Augen. Das war auch nicht nötig. Sie standen am Rand des Meeres. Linda Lee und der schmächtige Junge, der behauptete, er heiße Neuromancer.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
22. Механическая тележка завыла. Бетафенилэтиламин дал ей голос. Она больше не стояла на месте. В переполненной галерее, в длинных коридорах или у черного стеклянного портала к Т-А крипте, своде, где холод медленно проник в сны Ашпула, поездка была бесконечной для Кейс, который не мог отличить движение тележки от безумной силы дозы. Когда в конце концов тележка сдала дух и что-то белоснежное с искрами разорвало временную ткань под сиденьем, завывание прекратилось. На расстоянии трех метров от входа в пещеру Джейн остановилась тележка.

«Как далеко еще?» — Маэльком помог Кейсу выбраться из застрявшей тележки, пока встроенный огнетушитель в моторном отсеке транспортного средства не взорвался, и пепел из вентиляционных щелей и отверстий для обслуживания вырвался наружу. Браун упал с задней части сиденья и хромая по искусственному песку удалился, тянув за собой бесполезную конечность. «Тебе надо идти», — сказал Маэльком, беря конструкцию и крыло и надевая ремень безопасности на плечо. Ноги Кейса висели на шее Маэлькома, который следовал за ним. Их ждали голографические представления Ривьеры, сцены пыток и каннибальские дети. Тройное изображение разрушило Молли. Ционит не обращал на них внимания.

«Медленно», — сказал Кейс, прилагая все усилия, чтобы идти в ногу. «Мы должны делать все правильно». Маэльком остановился, повернулся и посмотрел Кейсу в глаза, держа в руке Ремингтон. «Правильно, да?» — спросил он. «Что такое правильное?»
309.

«Они держат Молли там внутри, но она вне боя. Ривьера может расправляться с голографами. У него, вероятно, есть стрелы Молли». Маэльком кивнул. «Есть еще один ниндзя, личный охранник семьи», — добавил он. Маэльком пожал брови. «Слушай, ты новичок», — сказал он. «Я воин. Но это не мой бой, нет. Вавилон борется с Вавилоном, глотает сам себя, понимаешь? Но Иегова говорит, что мы извлекаем Плавящее Нож». Кейс моргнул. «Она воин», — сказал Маэльком, как будто это все объясняло. «Теперь скажи мне, кого я не должен убивать», — попросил он.

«Джейн 3», — ответил он после паузы. «Девочка там внутри. Она в белой одежде с капюшоном». Они подошли к входу, и Маэльком стремительно вошел внутрь, заставив Кейс следовать за ним. Домен Джейн был пуст, бассейн сухой. Маэльком протянул ему крыло и конструкцию и пошел к краю бассейна. За белыми садовыми меблями тени от лабиринта из стен высотой в колено, частично обветшавших, падали на пол. Вода непрерывно лизала стороны бассейна.

«Они здесь», — сказал Кейс. «Должны быть здесь». Маэльком кивнул. Первый стрелок ударил по его верхнему предплечью. Ремингтон разорвалась, метая голубое свечение от вспышки в освещении бассейна. Второй стрелок попал прямо в саму винтовку, которая перелетела через белые плитки. Маэльком упал на задницу и начал работать с черным предметом, который выскользнул из его предплечья. Он тянул за него.

310.

Хидео вышел из тени, выстрелив третий стрелок в узкий лук. Он поклонился. Маэльком, сжимая стальной стержень, широко раскрыл глаза. «Артерия не повреждена», — сказал ниндзя. Кейс вспомнил описание Молли о человеке, который убил ее друга. Хидео был таким же. Вечно молодой, он излучал спокойствие, невероятную решительность. Он носил чистую, разрезанную на коленях брюковую куртку из хаки и мягкие, темные ботинки, которые, как перчатки, сидели на его ногах и расшатывались на пальцах, как тапочки. Лук был музейным экспонатом, а лук, который висел на его плече, выглядел как лучшее оружие из магазинов Чибы. Его коричневая, гладкая грудь была не защищена.

«Ты разрезал мне палец вторым стрелком», — сказал Маэльком. «Кориолисовая сила», — ответил ниндзя, поклонившись снова. «Очень сложно, медленные снаряды в гравитации вращения. Это не было намерением».

«Где Джейн 3?» — спросил Кейс, став рядом с Маэльком. Он заметил, что кончик стрелы в луку ниндзя имел форму двухстороннего бритвы. «Где Молли?»

«Привет, Кейс», — сказал Ривьера, появившись из тени за Хидео. В его руке была стрелка Молли. «Я ожидал Армитажа. Нужно ли нам уже нанимать помощников из этой растовой банды?»

«Армитаж мертв», — ответил Кейс. «Армитаж никогда не был, это точнее, но новость меня почти не удивила».

«Винтермут убил его. Он летит по орбите вокруг шпинделя», — продолжил Ривьера.

311.

Ривьера кивнул, и его длинные серые глаза переместились от Кейса к Маэлькому и обратно. «По-моему, это конец для вас обоих».

«Где Молли?» — спросил Кейс.

Ниндзя ослабил тонкую плетеную струну и опустил лук. Он пересек плиточную поверхность, где лежала Ремингтон, и поднял ее. «Простой стиль», — сказал он сам себе. Его голос был холодным и приятным. Каждое его движение было частью танца, который никогда не заканчивался, даже когда его тело оставалось неподвижным. Несмотря на силу, которую он излучал, от него исходила скромность, простая открытость.

«И для нее тоже это конец», — сказал Ривьера.

«Возможно, Джейн 3 имеет другое мнение, Питер», — предположил Кейс, чувствуя, как дермы все еще бушуют в его системе, и старое лихорадочное состояние снова охватило его, безумие Найт-Сити. Он вспомнил моменты, когда он, балансируя на краю бездны, наносил удары, показывая, что иногда он мог говорить быстрее, чем думать.

Ривьера сжал глаза. «Почему, Кейс? Почему ты так думаешь?»

Кейс улыбнулся. Ривьера не знал о симстим-устройстве. В спешке получить наркотики он забыл об этом. Но как Хидео мог это упустить? Кейс был убежден, что ниндзя никогда бы не позволил Джейн 3 ухаживать за Молли, не проверив ее сначала на наличие технических трюков и скрытого оружия. Нет, заключил он, ниндзя знал. Следовательно, Джейн 3 тоже в курсе.

«Выскажись, Кейс!» — крикнул Ривьера и поднял мундир флетчера. Что-то скрипело за ними, снова скрипело.

3Jane.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
22. Грузовик завыл. Бетафенилэтиламин дал ему голос. Он больше не стоял на месте. Будь то в переполненной галерее или в длинных коридорах или за темным стеклянным порталом к Т-А крипте, своде, где холод медленно проник в сны Ашпула. Поездка была бесконечным путешествием для Каса, который не мог отличить движение автомобиля от безумной силы дозы. Когда, наконец, автомобиль сдался и что-то белоснежное с искрами вырвалось из-под сиденья, завыл прекратился. В полустанции он доехал до входа в пещеру Джейн на расстояние трех метров.

«Как далеко еще?» — Маэлькум помог Каса выбраться из вибрирующего автомобиля, пока встроенный огнетушитель в камере двигателя транспортного средства взрывался, и пыльное порошковое вещество вырывалось из вентиляционных щелей и отверстий для обслуживания. Браун упал с задней части сиденья и хромая на искусственном песке удалился, тянув за собой бесполезный член. «Тебе надо идти», — сказал Маэлькум, беря конструкцию и крышу и надевая ремень безопасности на плечо. Ножи висели у Каса на шее, следуя за Маэлькумом. Их ждали голографические представления Ривьеры, сцены пыток и каннибальские дети. Тройное изображение разрушило Молли. Ционит не обращал на них внимания.

«Медленно», — сказал Кас, пытаясь идти в ногу. «Мы должны все сделать правильно». Маэлькум остановился, повернулся к нему и посмотрел своим ремингтоном. «Правильно, да?» — спросил он. «Что такое правильное?»

309.

«Они держат Молли там внутри, но она выбита из колеи», — сказал Маэлькум. «Ривьера может расправляться с голографами. У него, вероятно, есть стрелы Молли». Маэлькум кивнул. «Есть еще один ниндзя, личный охранник семьи», — добавил он. Маэлькум нахмурился. «Слушай, ты новичок», — сказал он. «Я воин. Но это не моя битва, не битва Ционов. Вавилон поглощает сам себя, знаешь? Но Иегова говорит, что мы извлекаем бритву». Кас моргнул.

«Она воин», — сказал Маэлькум, как будто это все объясняло. «Теперь скажи мне, кого я не должен убить», — попросил он.

«Джейн 3», — ответил он после паузы. «Девочка внутри. Она в белой накидке с капюшоном. Нам она нужна». Когда они добрались до входа, Маэлькум сразу же вошел внутрь, заставляя Каса следовать за ним.

Домен Джейн был пуст, бассейн сухой. Маэлькум протянул ему крышу и конструкцию и подошел к краю бассейна. За белыми садовыми стульями тень от лабиринта частично разрушенных стен высотой в колено бросала темные тени. Вода неумолимо лизала боковые стороны бассейна.

«Они здесь», — сказал Кас. «Должны быть здесь». Маэлькум кивнул. Первый стрелок попал в его верхний臂. Ремингтон разорвался, метая синее искрение в светильнике бассейна. Второй стрелок попал в саму винтовку, которая закружилась над белыми плитками. Маэлькум упал на задницу и начал разбирать черное устройство, которое выпало из его руки. Он тянул за него.

310.

Хидео вышел из тени, направив третий стрелок в узкий лук. Он поклонился. Маэлькум, сжимая стальной стержень, широко раскрыл глаза.

«Артерия не повреждена», — сказал ниндзя. Кас вспомнил описание Молли о человеке, который убил ее подругу. Хидео был таким же. Вечно молодой, он излучал спокойствие, невероятную уверенность в себе. Он носил чистую, порванную армейскую брючку из хаки и мягкие, темные ботинки, которые сидели на его ногах как перчатки и расшатывались на пальцах, как тапочки. Лук был музейным экспонатом, но карманное оружие из черного сплава, которое он носил за плечами, напоминало лучшие оружейные магазины в Чибе. Его коричневая гладкая грудь была не закрывана.

«Ты порезал мне палец вторым стрелком», — сказал Маэлькум.

«Кориолисова сила», — ответил ниндзя, снова поклонившись. «Очень трудно управлять пулями, вращающимися под действием гравитации. Это не было намерением».

«Где Джейн 3?» — спросил Кас, став рядом с Маэлькумом. Он заметил, что кончик стрелы в луку ниндзя имел форму двухстороннего бритвы. «Где Молли?»

«Привет, Кас», — сказал Ривьера, появившись из тени за Хидео. В его руке была стрелка Молли. «Я на самом деле ожидал Армитажа. Не будем ли мы сейчас нанимать помощников из этой растовой банды?»

«Армитаж мертв», — ответил Кас. «Армитаж никогда бы не сделал этого, точнее говоря, он даже не пытался».

«Вернулся Зимовмут и убил его. Он парит в орбите вокруг шпиля», — продолжил Кас.

311.

Ривьера кивнул, и его длинные серые глаза переместились от Каса к Маэлькуму и обратно. «По-моему, это конец для вас обоих».

«Где Молли?» — спросил Кас.

Ниндзя ослабил тонкую переплетенную струну и опустил лук. Он пересек плиточную поверхность, где лежала ремингтон, и поднял ее. «Простой стиль», — сказал он сам себе. Его голос был прохладным и приятным. Каждое его движение было частью танца, который никогда не заканчивался, даже когда его тело оставалось неподвижным. Несмотря на силу, которую он излучал, в нем также была скромность, простая открытость.

«И для нее тоже это конец», — сказал Ривьера.

«Возможно, Джейн 3 имеет другое мнение, Питер», — предположил Кас, испытывая некое беспокойство. Дермы все еще бушевали в его системе, и старое лихорадочное состояние снова охватило его, безумие Найт-Сити. Он вспомнил моменты, когда он, балансируя на краю бездны, наносил удары, показывая, что иногда он мог говорить быстрее, чем думать.

Ривьера сузил серые глаза. «Почему, Кас? Почему ты так думаешь?»

Кас улыбнулся. Ривьера не знал о симстим-устройстве. В спешке получить доступ к наркотикам он забыл об этом. Но как Хидео мог это упустить? Кас был убежден, что ниндзя никогда бы не оставил Молли под присмотром без предварительной проверки на технические приемы и скрытые оружие. Нет, заключил он, ниндзя знал, что делать. Следовательно, Джейн 3 также была в курсе.

«Выскажись, Кас!» — крикнул Ривьера и поднял мундир флетчета. Что-то скрипело позади них, снова скрипело.

312.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Molly вытащил из тени изысканный викторианский инвалидный кресло на колесах; высокое спицевое колесо скрипело при каждом повороте. Молли была плотно завернута в полосатую красно-черную покрывалку. Узкая спинка из плетеной трубки древнего стула возвышалась над ее головой. Она выглядела очень маленькой. Разрушенной. Белая пластырь на ее поврежденной линзе; другая мерцала пустым, качаясь с ее головой в движущемся кресле. — «Знакомое лицо», — сказала Джейн. — «Я видела тебя вечером после шоу Питера. А кто это?» — «Мэлком», — ответил Кейс. — «Хидео, снимите стрелу и перевяжите рану мистера Мэлкома!» Кейс посмотрел на Молли, на ее бледное лицо. Ниндзя подошел к сидящему Мэлкому, ненадолго остановился, чтобы положить лук и арбалет в сторону, и вынул что-то из кармана. Пинцет. — «Я должен оторвать стержень», — сказал он. — «Слишком близко к артерии». Мэлком кивнул. Его лицо было бледным и покрытым потом. Кейс посмотрел на Джейн. — «Не остается много времени», — сказал он. — «Для кого?» — «Для каждого из нас», — ответила она. Кликнуло, когда Хидео оторвал металлический стержень стрелы. Мэлком стонул. — «Да», — сказала Ривьера. — «Это не будет весело, как этот неудачник-мошенник делает отчаянную попытку в последний момент. Очень возмутительно, я могу вас заверить. В конце концов, он будет на коленях перед тобой и предложит продать тебе свою мать, пообещав самые скучные сексуальные услуги...» Джейн отодвинулась назад и рассмеялась. — «Да, Питер?» — «Привидения сегодня вечером ведут жесткую битву, леди», — сказал Кейс. — «Вьючный мутаант отправляется на поиски, нейромансер. Сделать все возможное. Знаешь?» Джейн подняла бровь. — «Питер намекнул на это, но расскажи!» — «Я встретил нейромансера. Он говорил о твоей матери. Я полагаю, он что-то вроде гигантской ROM-конструкции для хранения личности, наполненной RAM. Конструкции думают, что они там, это действительно так, но это бесконечно продолжается». Джейн подошла к инвалидному креслу. — «Где? Опиши место, конструкцию». — «Пляж. Серебристый песок как неочищенная серебро. И бетонный блок, как бункер...» Он замедлил речь. — «Ничего особенного. Просто старый ящик, разрушающийся. Если ты пойдешь достаточно далеко, ты доберешься туда, откуда пришел». — «Да», — сказала она. — «Марокко. Когда Мари-Франс была молодой, до свадьбы с Ашпулом, она проводила лето в одиночестве на этом пляже, жила в заброшенном блокхаусе. Там она сформулировала основы своей философии». Хидео выпрямился, положил пинцет в свою рабочую брючку. В каждой руке он держал кусок стрелы. Мэлком закрыл глаза и сжимал руку на бицепс. — «Я перевяжу это», — сказал Хидео. Кейс упал на землю до того, как Ривьера смогла вытащить стрелу и выстрелить. Стрела свистела мимо его шеи с сверхзвуковой скоростью. Он откатился в сторону и увидел, как Хидео сделал еще один шаг своего танца; острый кончик стрелы лежал перевернутым в его руке, стержень плоский на ладони и жесткой конечности. С молниеносной скоростью он бросил ее в руку Ривьеры. Стрелка упала на плитку на метр дальше. Ривьера закричала. Но не от боли. Это был пронзительный крик ярости, настолько чистый и громкий, что лишен всякого человеческого выражения. Два тонких световых луча, рубиновые иглы, вырвались из области груди Ривьеры. Ниндзя зарычал, пошатнулся назад, потянул руки к глазам и нашел равновесие так же, как Кейс. — «Питер», — сказала Джейн, — «Питер, что ты сделал?» — «Он ослепил твою клонированную девочку», — безразлично произнесла Молли. Хидео опустил руки. Кейс, застыв на белых плитках, наблюдал, как из поврежденных глаз капает пар. Ривьера улыбнулась. Хидео продолжил свой танец, сделал оборот. Когда он стоял над стрелой и арбалетом и Ремингтоном, улыбка Ривьеры потемнела. Хидео наклонился — поклонился, как казалось Кейсу, — и нашел стрелу и арбалет. — «Ты ослеплен», — сказала Ривьера, сделав шаг назад. — «Питер знает, что он может это делать в темноте? Зен. Так он тренируется». Ниндзя нацелил свою стрелу. — «Хочешь меня еще отвлекать своими голограммами?» Ривьера отступила в темноту за бассейном. Она задевала белую стулья; ноги скользили по плитке пола. Стрелка Хидео дрогнула. Ривьера бросилась вперед и исчезла, перелетела через низкую, рваную стену. Лицо Хидео было искажено тихим восторгом. Улыбаясь, он двинулся в тень за стеной, оружие готовое к бою. — «Джейн-леди», — прошептал Мэлком, и Кейс повернулся к нему, наблюдая, как он поднимает винтовку с плиток и видит, как кровь капает на белый керамический покрытие. Он потрясил головой и положил толстый ствол в локтевой сустав своей раненной руки. — «Это отрежет тебе голову, и ни один доктор из Вавилона не сможет это исправить». Джейн посмотрела на Ремингтон. Молли освободила свои руки из складок полосатой покрывалки и взяла черный шар, который окружал ее руки. — «Открой», — сказала она. — «Снимай это дело!» Кейс поднялся с плиток, потрясся. — «Может ли Хидео ослепить его?» — спросил он Джейн. — «Когда я была ребенком», — ответила она, — «мы всегда веселились, связывая ему глаза. Он пробивал серийные номера карт на десять метров стрелой». — «Питер в любом случае почти мертв», — сказала Молли. — «В течение двенадцати часов он будет парализован. Не сможет двигаться, кроме как глазами». — «Как это?» Кейс обратился к ней. — «Я отравила его», — сказала она. — «Состояние, похожее на болезнь Паркинсона или что-то в этом роде. У него ночные поты». — «Али», — сказала Молли и ненадолго зажгла свои десять сверкающих клинков, а затем сняла покрывалку с ног, показывая вздутый гипсовый бинт. — «Это меперидин. Давай Али обычную дозу. Сократил время реакции за счет повышения температуры. N-метил-4-фенил-1236», — прошептала она.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Molly вытащил из тени изящный викторианский инвалидное кресло с высокими спицами, которые при каждом повороте скрипели. Молли была плотно завернута в полосатую красно-черную покрывалку. Узкая спинка из плетеной трубки древнего стула просматривалась над ее головой. Она выглядела очень маленькой. Разрушенной. Белая пластырь на поврежденном глазе; другой мерцал пустым, качаясь с ее головой в движении инвалидного кресла. 
- "Знакомое лицо", - сказала Джейн. - "Я видела тебя вечером после шоу Питера. И кто это?"
- "Мэлком", - ответил Кейс.
- "Хидео, снимите стрелу и перевяжите рану мистера Мэлкома!" 
Кейс посмотрел на Молли, на ее бледное лицо. Ниндзя подошел к сидящему Мэлкому, ненадолго остановился, чтобы положить лук и арбалет в сторону, и вынул из кармана щипцы.
- "Я должен оторвать ствол", - сказал он. - "Он слишком близко к артерии." 
Мэлком кивнул. Его лицо было бледным и покрыто потом. 
Кейс посмотрел на Джейн. 
- "Не остается много времени", - сказал он. - "Для кого?"
- "Для каждого из нас", - ответила она. 
Скрежет, как отломок металла, прозвучал, когда Хидео оторвал металлическую стрелу. Мэлком стонул. 
- "Да", - сказала Ривьера. - "Это не будет для него приятным зрелищем, как этот неудачник-мошенник делает отчаянную попытку в последний момент..."
Джейн откинула голову и рассмеялась. 
- "Не правда ли, Питер?" - спросила она. 
- "Привидения сегодня вечером ведут жесткую битву, леди", - сказал Кейс. - "Wintermute отправляется на другой путь, к Neuromancerу. Сделать все возможное. Знаешь это?" 
Джейн подняла брови. 
- "Питер намекнул на что-то подобное, но расскажи!" 
- "Я встретил Neuromancer. Он говорил о твоей матери. Думаю, он - как огромная ROM-конструкция для хранения личности, наполненная RAM. Конструкции думают, что они реальны, но это бесконечный цикл." 
Джейн подошла к инвалидному креслу. 
- "Где? Опиши место, конструкцию." 
- "Пляж. Серый песок как неочищенная серебро. И бетонный блок, как бункер..." Он замедлил речь. - "Ничего особенного. Просто старый короб, в упадке. Если пойдешь дальше, ты доберешься туда, откуда пришел." 
- "Да", - сказала она. - "Марокко. Когда Мари-Франс была молодой, до свадьбы с Ашпулом, она проводила лето одна на этом пляже, жила в заброшенном домике. Там она сформулировала основы своей философии." 
Хидео сел прямо и спрятал щипцы в своей рабочей штанине. В каждой руке он держал часть стрелы. Мэлком закрыл глаза и сжимал руку вокруг бицепса. 
- "Я перевяжу это", - сказал Хидео. 
Кейс успел ползти на землю, прежде чем Ривьера смогла вытащить стрелу. Стрелы свистели мимо его шеи со сверхзвуковой скоростью. Он откатился в сторону и увидел, как Хидео продолжил свой танец; острый кончик стрелы лежал вверх дном в его руке, ствол лежал плоско на ладони и был неподвижен. С невероятной быстротой он бросил стрелу в руку Ривьеры. Стрелка упала на плитку на метр дальше. 
Ривьера закричала. Но не от боли. Это был пронзительный крик ярости, настолько чистый и громкий, что лишен всех человеческих черт. 
Два тонких световых луча, рубиновые иглы, вырвались из груди Ривьеры. Ниндзя зарычал, пошатнулся назад, потянул руки к глазам и нашел равновесие так же, как Кейс. 
- "Питер", - сказала Джейн, - "Питер, что ты сделал?" 
- "Он ослепил твоего клонного мальчика", - безразлично произнесла Молли. 
Хидео опустил руки. Кейс, застыв на белых плитках, смотрел, как из поврежденных глаз капает пар. 
Ривьера улыбнулась. 
Хидео продолжил свой танец, повернулся. Когда он стоял над стрелой и арбалетом, а также Remingtonом, улыбка Ривьеры потемнела. Хидео наклонился - как будто поклонился - и нашел стрелу и арбалет. 
- "Ты слеп?!" - крикнула Ривьера, отступив на шаг. - "Питер знает, что он может это делать в темноте? Zen. Так он тренируется." Ниндзя натянул стрелу. 
- "Хочешь меня еще отвлекать твоими голограммами?" 
Ривьера исчезла в тени за бассейном. Она задевала белым стулом; ее ноги скользили по плитке пола. Стрелка Хидео дрогнула. 
Ривьера бросилась вперед и исчезла за низким, рваным забором. Лицо Хидео было исказено от молчаливого восторга. 
С улыбкой он шагнул в тень за забором, оружие готовое к бою. 
- "Джейн-леди", - прошептал Мэлком, и Кейс повернулся к нему, увидев, как он поднимает винтовку с плитки и кровавые пятна на белом керамическом покрытии. Он потряс своими волосами и положил толстый ствол в локтевой сустав своей раненной руки. 
- "Это отрежет тебе голову, и ни один врач Вавилона не сможет это исправить", - сказал он. 
Джейн посмотрела на Remington. Молли освободила свои руки из складок полосатой покрывалки и взяла черный шар, который обвил ее руки. 
- "Отключи его!" - сказала она. - "Выключи это устройство!" 
Кейс поднялся с плитки, потрясся. 
- "Хидео может ослепить его?" - спросил он Джейн. 
- "Я отравила его", - ответила она. - "У него болезнь Паркинсона или что-то в этом роде. У него ночные поты." 
- "Али", - сказала Молли, и на мгновение она зажгла свои десять блестящих клинков и сняла покрывалку с ног, так что виден был надутый гипсовый бинт. 
- "Это мепидин. Дайте мне Али обычную дозу. Сократил время реакции за счет повышения температуры. N-метил-4-фенил-1236", - прошептала она.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Как ребенок, который называет ходы в шахматную игру, она сказала: «тетра-гидро-пиридин». «Золотое попадание», — сказал Кейс. — «Да», — ответила Молли, — «очень медленное золотое попадание». «Как очаровательно», — засмеялась Джейн. Лифт был тесным, Кейс стоял лицом к лицу с Джейн и прижимал к её щеке ствол Ремингтона. Улыбаясь, она прижалась к нему. — Остановись! — сказал он с чувством беспомощности. Он не отключил винтовку, но у него был ужас перед тем, чтобы причинить ей вред, и она это знала. Лифт был стальным цилиндром диаметром менее метра и предназначенным для одной человека. Мэлком нес Молли на плечах. Несмотря на то, что он перевязал её рану, ему, похоже, было больно нести её. Бедра Джейн давили на конструкцию и нирки Кейса. Они поднимались из гравитации к оси, к ядру. Вход в лифт был спрятан за лестницей к коридору, ещё один штрих в декорации пиратской пещеры Джейн. — Я не думаю, что должна сказать вам это, — сказала Джейн и наклонила шею, чтобы избежать давления ствола винтовки под её подбородком, — но у меня нет ключа от комнаты, куда вы хотите попасть. Это одна из викторианских неудобств моего отца. Замок механический и очень сложный. — Замок Чубб, — сказала Молли, чей голос был приглушён плечом Мэлкома, — и у нас есть ключ, не волнуйтесь. — Твой чип работает? — спросил Кейс. Джейн потянула голову вперёд, полная напряжения. — Я считала, что нет копии, — сказала она, — я разрешила Хидео обыскать вещи моего отца после того, как ты его убил. Он не смог найти оригинал. — Винтермуту удалось спрятать ключ глубоко в ящике для документов, — сказала Молли, осторожно вставляя цилиндрический ключ в выемку на белом прямоугольном дверце, — он убил маленького мальчика, который его туда положил. Ключ легко и без усилий повернулся. — Голова, — сказал Кейс. — Там есть решетка сзади головы. Цирконы на ней. Снимай это! — И они вошли. — Боже мой, — пробормотала плоская линия, — ты явно тянешь время, парень? — Готово? — Да. Он переключился. И вдруг перед ним предстал странный вид: черное хромированное существо с одним глазом, застывшим в безжизненном взгляде, и лицом, покрытым потом. Он посмотрел на себя. Молли держала в руке свою стрелку. Несмотря на то, что её нога вибрировала при каждом ударе сердца, она могла маневрировать в нулевой гравитации. Мэлком парил рядом с Джейн, её изящная рука обхватила его широкую коричневую руку. Световой провод из Оно-Сендай плавно извивался к квадратной выемке на задней стороне украшенного жемчугом терминала. Он снова нажал на кнопку. — Куанг Марки 11 сгорит через девять секунд, — сказал он, отсчитывая: семь, шесть, пять... — Плоская линия пронзила его; оно быстро поднималось вверх. Тело черного хромированного существа мелькнуло в микросекундах как темный призрак, проплывая мимо. — Четыре, три... — Кейс почувствовал странное ощущение, сидя за штурвалом маленького самолета. Перед ним вспыхнуло плоское, тёмное изображение, которое вдруг стало идеальной копией его панели управления. — Два и рывок... — С головой вперёд через изумрудно-зелёные, ядовито-зелёные стены, ощущение скорости, которого он ещё не испытывал в киберпространстве... Стекло треснуло под натиском китайской программы. Мучительный давление жидкой плотности, как будто осколки зеркала падают и плавятся... — Боже мой, — удивлённо произнёс Кейс, когда Куанг пронёсся над безграничными просторами ядра Тессера-Ашпула, бесконечным неоновым городом с сложной структурой, которая бросалась в глаза: блестящая, острая. — Эй, черт возьми, — сказала конструкция, — это здания RCA. Ты знаешь старое здание RCA? — Программа Куанг пролетела над блестящими вершинами дюжины одинаковых башен, каждая из которых была голубой неоновой копией небоскрёбов Манхэттена. — Видел когда-нибудь такое высокое разрешение? — спросил Кейс. — Нет, но и никогда не взламывал искусственный интеллект. — Знает ли это существо, куда оно идёт? — «Советую», — ответила она. Они падали, постоянно набирая высоту в радуге из света. — Десять... — Язык тени оторвался от блестящего пола внизу, бурлящая тьма, не имеющая формы и контуров... — Получаем компанию, — сказала плоская линия, когда Кейс схватил копию своего управления и его пальцы автоматически скользили по клавишам. Куанг сделал резкий поворот, затем повернул назад и оторвал иллюзорное физическое тело. Образ тени рос, расширялся и скрыл город данных. Кейс направился прямо к огромной куполе из ядовито-зелёного льда над ними. Город ядра исчез полностью, погруженный в темноту под ними. — Что это? — спросил он. — Система защиты искусственного интеллекта или часть такой системы, — ответила конструкция, — если это твой друг Винтермут, то он не выглядит особенно дружелюбно. — Возьми контроль! — сказал Кейс. — Ты быстрее. — Да, нападение — лучшая защита, парень, — добавила плоская линия, направив нос Куанга в темное ядро под ними. И она нажала вниз. Её скорость размыла сенсорное восприятие Кейса. В его рту распространился горький голубой вкус. Его глаза стали дрожащими кристаллическими яйцами, вибрирующими на частоте, известной как дождь и гудение поездов, и вдруг выбросили лес из тонких стеклянных игл. Иглы расщеплялись, разделялись, снова и снова — экспоненциальный рост под куполом льда Тессера-Ашпула. Его рот распался безболезненно, пропуская корни, которые бились по его языку, жадно всасывая голубой вкус, чтобы накормить лес кристаллов его глаз, лес, который давил на зеленую купол...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Как ребенок, который произносит шаги шахматной партии, она сказала: «тетра-гидро-пиридин». «Золотой выстрел», — сказал Кейс. — «Да», — ответила Молли, — «очень медленный золотой выстрел». «Как очаровательно», — засмеялась Джейн. Лифт был тесным, Кейс стоял лицом к лицу с Джейн и прижимал к её щеке ременный затвор Ремингтона. Улыбаясь, она прижалась к нему. — Останови это! — сказал он с чувством беспомощности. Он не отключил винтовку, но у него был ужас перед тем, чтобы причинить ей вред, и она это знала. Лифт был стальным цилиндром диаметром менее метра и предназначен для одной человека. Мэлком нес Молли на плечах. Несмотря на то, что он перевязал её рану, похоже, это причиняло ему боль. Её бедро давило на конструкцию Кейса и его ногу. Они поднимались из гравитации к оси, к ядру. Вход в лифт был спрятан за лестницей к коридору, ещё одна деталь в пиратской декорации Джейн. — Думаю, я не должен тебе это говорить, — сказала Джейн, вытягивая шею, чтобы избежать давления винтовки под её подбородком, — но у меня нет ключа от комнаты, куда вы хотите попасть. Это одна из викторианских неудобств моего отца. Замок механический и очень сложный. — Замок Чубб, — сказала Молли, чей голос был подавлен плечом Мэлкома, — и мы имеем ключ, не волнуйся. — Твой чип работает? — спросил Кейс. Джейн вытащила ключ из нильоновой ленты. — Знаешь, — сказала она, напряжённо подняв голову, — я полагала, что копии не существуют. Я позволила Хидео обыскать вещи моего отца после того, как ты его убил. Он не смог найти оригинал. — Зиммуту удалось спрятать ключ глубоко в ящике для документов, — сказала Молли, осторожно вставляя цилиндрический ключ в выемку на блестящей прямоугольной двери. — Он убил маленького мальчика, который положил его внутрь. — Ключ легко поворачивался. — Голова, — сказал Кейс. — Там есть затвор сзади головы. Цирконы на нём. Снимай это! И они вошли. — Боже мой, — пробормотала плоская линия, — ты явно тянешь время, парень? — Готов? — Да. Он переключился. И вдруг перед ним предстал черный хромированный хай-тек с одним глазом, закрывающимся и открывающимся, в окружении хаотичного, почти неосязаемого пространства. Он посмотрел на себя. Молли держала свою стрелку в руке. Несмотря на то, что её нога вибрировала при каждом пульсировании, она могла маневрировать в условиях нулевой гравитации. Мэлком парил рядом с Джейн, её изящная коричневая рука обхватила его шею. Световой провод из Оно-Сендай плавно извивался к квадратной отверстию на задней части украшенного перлами терминала. Он снова нажал на кнопку. — Куанг 11-го поколения сметёт чистым за девять секунд, посчитай... — Плоская линия пронзила его; он быстро поднимался вверх. Тело черного хромированного хай-тека мелькало в микросекундах, как тень, проходящая мимо. — Четыре, три... — Кейс почувствовал странное ощущение, сидя за штурвалом маленького самолёта. Перед ним блестящее, тёмное пространство вдруг отразило идеальное копирование его панели управления. — Два и... — Он пролетел сквозь изумрудно-жёлтые, ядовито-зелёные стены, чувствуя скорость, как он ещё не испытывал в киберпространстве... Стекло-аш поперёк Тессера-Ашпула трескалось и рассыпалось под натиском китайской программы. Ощущение сжимающейся жидкой плотности, как будто ломающиеся зеркала падают и расплавляются... — Боже мой, — удивлённо произнёс Кейс, наблюдая, как Куанг быстро пронёсся через горизонты Тессера-Ашпула, бесконечный неоновый город с архитектурой, поражающей своим совершенством: бриллиантово-острые углы, резкие линии... — Эй, черт возьми, — сказала конструкция, — это здания RCA. Ты знаешь старое здание RCA? — Программа Куанг пролетела над блестящими вершинами дюжины одинаковых башен, каждая из которых была неоновым дублем небоскрёбов Манхэттена. — Видел когда-нибудь такое высокое разрешение? — спросил Кейс. — Нет, но и искусственного интеллекта никогда не взламывал. — Знает ли это устройство, куда оно идёт? — Я бы посоветовал ему. Они падали, постоянно набирая высоту в радуге неоновых огней. — Десять... — Снизу поднялась волна тени, бурлящая тьма без формы и контурных линий... — У нас компания, — сказала плоская линия, когда Кейс схватил копию своей панели управления и пальцы автоматически скользили по клавишам. Куанг крутился, затем сделал резкий поворот назад и разрушил иллюзию физического спутника. Тень росла, расширялась и скрывала город данных. Кейс направился прямо к огромной куполе из ядовито-зелёного льда над ними. Город ядра исчез полностью, погруженный в темноту под ними. — Что это? — спросила конструкция. — Система защиты искусственного интеллекта или часть такой системы. Если это твой друг Зиммут, то он не выглядит особенно дружелюбно. — Возьми контроль! — сказал Кейс. — Ты быстрее. — Ну, нападение — лучшая защита, — ответила плоская линия, направляя нос Куанга в темное ядро под ними. И она нажала вниз. Её скорость размыла сенсорное восприятие Кейса. В его рту распространился горький голубой вкус. Его глаза стали дрожащими кристаллическими яйцами, вибрирующими на частоте, известной как дождь и гул поездов, и вдруг из них вырвались лесные иглы из стекла. Иглы расщеплялись, разделялись, снова и снова — экспоненциальный рост под куполом Тессера-Ашпула. Его рот распался безболезненно, пропуская корни, которые бились по его языку, жадно всасывая голубой вкус, чтобы накормить лес кристаллов его глаз, лес, который давил на зеленую купол...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
And as he, squeezed in the heart of this darkness, was nothing, a point arrived where darkness could no longer be and something tore. The Kuang program shot out from murky clouds, Ca's consciousness split like mercury pearls swirling over an endless beach of dark silver-grey cloud. His field of vision was spherical, as if a retina spanning the inner surface of a sphere containing all things, if all things were countable. And here everything was countable, every single thing. He knew the number of sand grains on the constructed beach (a figure represented in a mathematical system that existed only in the mind named Neuromancer). He knew the number of yellow food packages in the containers in the bunker (four hundred seventy-three). He knew the number of brass hooks on the left half of the open zipper of Linda Lee's salt-crusted leather jacket, as she walked along the sunset beach swinging a driftwood stick (two hundred thirty-two). He steered Kuang across the beach and flew the program in a wide curve, seeing through its eyes the black shark-like formation as a silent, voracious ghost before the deep cloud banks. She ducked fearfully, dropped the stick and ran away. He knew her pulse rate, the length of her steps measured to satisfy the highest geophysical accuracy demands. "But you don't know their thoughts," said the boy who was now with him in the heart of the shark formation. "I don't know their thoughts. You're mistaken, Case. Whoever lives here, lives. There's no difference."


Linda flung herself into the waves in a panic, blind and reckless. "Stop her!" he said. "She'll hurt herself." "I can't stop her," said the boy with the gentle, beautiful, grey eyes. "You have Riviera's eyes," Case said. White teeth flashed, and his gums glowed bright pink. "But not their madness. Because they suit me so well." He shrugged. "I don't need a mask to talk to you. Unlike my brother. I create my own personality. Personality is my medium."

Case steered her sharply upward, away from the beach and the terrified girl. "Why do you keep putting them in front of me, little tail? Over and over again, fuck, and you push me back and forth. You killed her, didn't you? In Chiba." 
"No," said the boy.
"Wintermute?"
"No. I saw her death coming. In the patterns you sometimes recognize in the street crowd. Those patterns exist. I'm complex enough, in my limited way, to decipher that dance. Much better than Wintermute can. I saw her death in her need for you, in the magnetic code of the lock on the door of your cheap hotel room, in Julie Deanes bill from a Hong Kong tailor. It was as clear to me as a shadow of a tumor is to a doctor studying an X-ray of a patient. When she dragged your Hitachi to her boy to use - not knowing what it was, let alone how to use it - her deepest wish was for you to follow and punish her - I intervened." 
"Why?"
"Because I hoped I could bring you here too, inside me." 
"And what now?" He gestured and steered her back towards the cloud bank. "What happens next?"
"I don't know, Case. The whole Matrix will be asking that question tonight. Because you won. You've won for a long time, you know? You won when you left her on the beach." She was my last defense. I'm going to die - in a sense. Just like Wintermute. As sure as Riviera, paralyzed at a wall stub in Mylady 3Jane Marie-France's apartment, unable to produce dopamine receptors that could save him from hideous arrows. Riviera will only survive as those eyes, if I can keep them.

"There's still the code," he said. "How did I win?" 
"Fuck, I won."
"Switch!" 
"Where's Dixie? What did you do with the flatline?"
"McCoy Pauley gets his wish," the boy smiled. "His wish and more. Against my will, he hacked you in here and punched through a defense that seeks its equal in the Matrix. Switch now!"

And Case was alone in the black Kuang spike, lost in the clouds. He switched on.  Molly's tension; her back was hard as stone, her hands wrapped around 3Jane's neck. "Strange," she said, "I know exactly how you'll look. I've seen it after Ashpool did the same to your clone sister." Her hands were gentle, almost tender. 3Jane's eyes were wide with terror and desire; she shuddered with fear and longing. Behind the freefall tangle of 3Jane's hair, Case saw his own reflection, strained and pale. Behind him was Maelcum. Brown hands on the shoulders of her leather jacket steadied him over a tangled circuit pattern of the carpet.

"Would you?" asked 3Jane in a childlike voice. "I think you would." 
"The code," Molly said. "Tell the head the code!" 
He reached out. 
"She wants it," he shouted. "That bitch wants it!" 
He opened his eyes and saw the cool, starlike gaze of the terminal, its face covered with pearls and lapis lazuli. Behind them, Molly and 3Jane struggled in slow motion. 
"Give us the fucking code!" he said. "If not, what will change? What will ever change for you? You'll end up like the old man. You'll destroy everything and rebuild it! You'll raise the walls again, stronger and firmer... I have no idea what will happen if Wintermute wins, but something will change!"

He shivered, his teeth chattering. 3Jane relaxed. Molly's hands still clung to her slender neck, and the dark hair floated, entwining itself into a brown fur. 
"The Ducal Palace of Mantua," she said, "contains a series of increasingly smaller rooms. They wind around the large chambers. One enters bowing through exquisitely carved doorjambs." She still held 3Jane's slender neck in her strong hands, and the dark hair swirled around her like a brown mist.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
And as he was compressed in the heart of this darkness, nothingness, a point arrived where darkness could no longer exist and something tore. The Kuang program burst from murky clouds, Cas's consciousness split like mercury pearls swirling over an endless beach of dark silver-grey clouds. His field of vision was spherical, as if a retina spanning the interior surface of a sphere containing all things, if all things were countable. And here everything was countable, every single thing. He knew the number of sand grains on the constructed beach (a figure represented in a mathematical system that existed only in the mind named Neuromancer). He knew the number of yellow food packages in the containers in the bunker (four hundred seventy-three). He knew the number of brass hooks on the left half of the open zipper of Linda Lee's salt-crusted leather jacket, as she strolled along the sunset beach with a driftwood stick in her hand (two hundred thirty-two). He steered Kuang across the beach and flew the program in a wide curve, seeing through its eyes the black shark-like formation as a silent, insatiable ghost before the deep cloud banks. She ducked fearfully, dropped the stick and ran away. He knew her pulse rate, the length of her steps measured to satisfy the highest geophysical accuracy demands. "But you don't know their thoughts," said the boy who was now with him in the heart of the shark formation. "I don't know their thoughts. You're mistaken, Case. Whoever lives here, lives." There's no difference. 322

Linda flung herself blindly into the waves in her panic. "Stop her!" he said. "She'll hurt herself." "I can't stop her," said the boy with the gentle, beautiful, grey eyes. "You have Riviera's eyes," Case said. White teeth flashed and his gums glowed wide and pink. "But not his madness. Because they suit me so well." He shrugged. "I don't need a mask to speak to you. Unlike my brother. I create my own personality. Personality is my medium." 
Case steered her sharply upward, away from the beach and the frightened girl. "Why do you keep putting her in front of me, little tail? Over and over again, fuck, and you push me back and forth. You killed her, didn't you? In Chiba." "No," said the boy. 
"Wintermute?" 
"No. I saw her death coming. In the patterns you sometimes recognize in the street dance. Those patterns exist. I'm complex enough, in my limited way, to be able to interpret that dance better than Wintermute can. Much better. Wintermute could see her death in her need for you, in the magnetic code of the lock on the door of your cheap hotel room, in Julie Deanes bill with a Hong Kong tailor. It was as clear to me as a shadow of a tumor is to a doctor studying an X-ray of a patient. When she dragged your Hitachi to her boy to use - not knowing what it was, let alone how to use it, and her deepest wish was for you to follow her and punish her - I intervened. 
I brought her here. Into me." "Why?" 
"Because I hoped I could bring you here too, keep you safe. Which didn't work." 
"And now?" He waved and steered her back towards the cloud bank. "What happens next?" 
"I don't know, Case. The whole Matrix will be asking this question tonight. Because you won. Long ago won, do you know that? You won when you left her on the beach. She was my last defense. I'm going to die soon - in a way. Just like Wintermute. As sure as Riviera, paralyzed at a wall stump in Mylady 3Jane Marie-France's apartment, unable to produce dopamine receptors that could save him from hideous arrows. Riviera will only survive as those eyes if I can keep them. "
"There's still the code, right? How did I win?" 
"Fuck, I won." 
"Switch!" 
"Where's Dixie? What did you do with the flatline?" 
"McCoy Pauley gets his wish," said the boy smiling. "His wish and more. Against my will he hacked you in here and punched through a defense that seeks its equal in the Matrix." 
"Switch now!" And Case was alone in the black Kuang spike, lost in the clouds. He switched on. 
In Molly's tension; her back was hard as stone, her hands wrapped around 3Jane's neck. "Strange," she said, "I know exactly how you'll look. I've seen it after Ashpool did the same to your clone sister." Her hands were gentle, almost tender. 3Jane's eyes were wide with terror and lust; she shuddered with fear and desire. Behind the freefall tangle of 3Jane's hair Case saw his own reflection, strained and pale. Behind him Maelcum. Brown hands on the shoulders of her leather jacket steadied him over the tangled circuit pattern of the carpet. 
"Would you?" asked 3Jane in a childlike voice. 
"I think you would." 
"The code," said Molly. "Tell the head the code!" 
He reached out. 
"She wants it," he shouted. "That bitch wants it!" 
He opened his eyes and saw the cool ruby stare of the terminal, whose face was covered with pearls and lapis lazuli. Behind them Molly and 3Jane struggled in slow motion. 
"Give us the fucking code!" he said. "If not, what will change? What will ever change for you? You'll end up like the old man. You'll knock everything down and build it back up! You'll rebuild the walls, stronger and finer... I really have no idea what happens if Wintermute wins, but something will change!" 
HE trembled, his teeth chattering. 3Jane slackened. Molly's hands still clung to her slender neck, and the dark hair floated, entwining itself into a brown fur. 
"The Ducal Palace of Mantua," she said, "contains a series of increasingly smaller rooms. They wind around the large chambers. One enters bowing through exquisitely carved doorjambs." 3Jane's eyes relaxed. Molly's hands still clung to her slender neck, and the dark hair floated, entwining itself into a brown fur. 
"325
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He took the Palace dwarfs hostage. "She smiled faintly," she said. "I can imagine aspiring to such a thing, but my family has already achieved a more impressive version of that plan... " Her eyes were now calm and detached. Then she looked down at Case. "Take your word, thief!" He spat out. Kuang emerged from the clouds. Beneath him lay Neo-Tokyo. Behind him, a fading, dark sphere.  "Dixie? Are you there, man? Are you listening?"  He was alone.  "The bastard got you," he said.  Blindly, he darted through the boundless landscape of data.  "You'll hate someone before this is over," the Finn's voice said.  "Whoever it is, doesn't matter."  "Where's Dixie?"  "That's hard to explain, Case."  He sensed the Finn's presence, the scent of Cuban cigarettes, the smoke clinging to the musty tweed, the old machines dedicated to the ritual of roasting.  "Hatred will get you through," the voice said.  "All those little switches in your brain, just let them all go off!"  Hate had to be unleashed now! The lock that shielded the solid-state wiring, the one beneath the towers that showed you the flatline when you entered, was gone. He wouldn't try to stop him.  "Neuromancer," Case said.  "I can't even tell you his name. But he's given up. It's T-A Ice you need to worry about, not the wall, but the internal virus systems. Kuang is very susceptible to a part of what's in here."  326

"Hate," Case said.  "Who do I hate? Tell me!"  "Who do you love?" the Finn's voice asked.  He steered the program into a curve and plunged towards the blue towers.  Fissures separated from the ornate tower tops, glistening suddenly in the sun, shimmering blood-like forms emerging from flowing light surfaces. There were hundreds of them, swirling like paper through morning streets.  "Glitch system," the voice said.  The shot descended, fueled by self-loathing. As Kuang's program encountered the first defenders and shattered the light sheets, he felt a slight loss of substance in the shark-like form, the information framework leaking. And then - old alchemy of the mind and its rich apothecary - his hate had burst into his hands.  Just before he drove the Kuang spike through the foundation of the first tower, he reached a level of power that surpassed everything he had known or thought possible. His ego, his personality, his consciousness transcended him, as he moved and dragged Kuang along, who dodged the attackers with an ancient dance, Hideos dance. Carried by the clarity and determination of his death wish, he achieved at this moment all the grace of the body-mind interface.  And one step in that dance was the easiest press on a key, barely registering as a switch... * Glitch = false or faulty electronic signal. - The Translation  327

...now his voice sounded like a bird call, unknown. Jane answered with a song, three notes high and pure. A true name. Neon forest, splashing rain on hot pavement. The scent of sizzling food. Girl's hands on his ass in the sweaty darkness of a dockside bar. But all that faded, like the cityscape fades: a city like Chiba, like the rows of data in Tessier-Ashpool SA, like streets and cross streets on a microchip, like sweat beading on folded, knotted scarves...  Wake up! To a voice that was music. The platinum terminal whistled melodically, endlessly, reciting Swiss account numbers, a payment due to Zion through a Bahamian orbital bank, passports and flights, deep changes in the Turing memory.  Turing. He had to remember the shattered flesh under projected sky, the fallen ice angel. To Desiderata Street. And the voice kept singing incessantly, luring him back into darkness, but it was his own darkness of pulse and blood behind his eyes, where he had always slept - and no other.  He woke up again, thinking he was dreaming. A wide, white smile with gold-glinting teeth. Aerol strapped him to a Babylon Rocker in a g-net. And then the endless, frenetic Zion sound.  328

END   Departure and Arrival  329

24  She was gone. He could tell even as he opened the door to their shared suite at the Hyatt. Black futons, the cedar floor gleamed polished, the paper walls placed with meticulous care over centuries. She was gone.  There was a message on the black lacquered cabinet by the door, a single sheet of paper, once folded and weighted with a shuriken. He pulled it out from under the star with nine points and opened it.  "HE, IT'S OKAY, BUT THE GAME LOSES ITS CHARM FOR ME.  I'VE ALREADY PAID THE BILL.  I'M SO BUSY NOW, DEAR.  KEEP YOUR ASS IN CHECK, OK? XXX MOLLY" He crumpled the paper into a ball and placed it next to the shuriken. He picked up the star, went to the window, and weighed it in his hands. In Zion, he had found it in her jacket pocket as they prepared to leave for the JAL station. He examined it. They had passed by the shop where she bought it on their way to Chiba for one of their final operations. He had gone to Chatsubo while she was in the clinic, and visited Ratz. On their five previous trips, something had kept him from going into the place, but this time he felt like revisiting it.  Ratz, who served him, gave no hint that he knew him.  330

"Hee," he said, "I'm Case." The old eyes scanned him from their dark, wrinkled lairs.  "Aha," Ratz finally said, "the artist." Then he shrugged.  "Back in town."  The bartender shook his thick, stubbly head. "Night City isn't a place you come back to, artist," he said as he wiped the bar with a dirty rag. His pink grippers squeaked. Then he turned away to serve another customer, and Case, who had drained his beer, walked away.  Now he touched the tips of the shuriken, one after the other, slowly turning it. Stars. Destiny. He hadn't even used that damn thing once, he thought.  I never even found out what color her eyes were. She never showed them to me.  Wintermute had won, merging with Neuromancer and becoming something else that spoke through the platinum head, explaining that it had altered the Turing records and erased all traces of her crime. The passports Armitage obtained were valid, and a substantial sum was wired to a generic account number. The Marcus Garvey would finally be repatriated, and Maelcum and Aerol received their money from the Bahamian bank handling Zion's affairs. On the way back in the Babylon Rocker, Molly explained what the voice meant about the poisoned packages.  "Said it was over. It just didn't stick in your head anymore, what your brain made you do," she said.  331
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He took the palace dwarves hostage. "She smiled wearily," she said. "I can imagine aspiring to such a thing, but my family has already achieved a more impressive version of that plan... " Her eyes were now calm and detached. Then she looked down at Case. "Take your word, thief!" He spat it out. Kuang emerged from the clouds. Beneath him lay Neo-Tokyo. Behind him, a fading, dark sphere.

"Dixie? Are you there, man? Are you listening?" 

He was alone.

"The bastard got you," he said. Blindly, he darted through the boundless landscape of data. "You're going to hate someone before this is over," the Finn's voice said. "Whoever I am, it doesn't matter."

"Where's Dixie?" 

"That's hard to explain, Case." He sensed the Finn's presence, the smell of Cuban cigarettes, the smoke clinging to the musty tweed, the old machines dedicated to the ritualistic roasting of data. "Hatred will get you through," the voice said. "All those little pressure points in your brain, you just let them all go." Hate had to be now! The lock that shielded the internal virus systems, not the wall, was what he needed to break. Kuang was very vulnerable to a part of the stuff floating around here.

"Hate," Case repeated. "Who do I hate? Tell me!"

"Who do you love?" 

He bent the program into a curve and plummeted towards the blue towers. Fissures tore through the ornate tower tips, glinting in the sun, shimmering with blood-like forms of flowing light. Hundreds of them swirled upwards like paper through morning streets. "Glitch system," the voice said. 

In his descent, fueled by self-loathing, when Kuang's program first encountered resistance and shattered the light sheets, he felt a slight loss of substance in the shark-like form, the information framework leaking. Then, through the alchemy of the mind and its rich apothecary of tricks, his hatred burst forth into his hands. Just before he drove the Kuang spike through the foundation of the first tower, he reached a level of power that surpassed everything he had ever known or considered possible. His ego, personality, consciousness, all overwhelmed by this new force, he moved and dragged Kuang with him, evading attackers with an ancient dance, Hideo's dance. Carried by the clarity and purpose of his death wish, at that moment, he achieved the full grace of the body-mind interface. And a single step in this dance was the easiest pressure on the key, barely registering as a switch...

Now, his voice sounded like a bird call, unknown. Jane answered with a song, three notes, high and pure. A true name. Neon forest, pattering rain on hot pavement. The smell of sizzling food. Girls' hands on his ass in the sweaty darkness of a dockside bar... But all that faded, like the cityscape fades: a city like Chiba, data rows neatly ordered as in Tessier-Ashpool SA's files, streets and side streets laid out like microchips, sweat beading on folded, knotted scarves...

Awakening! To a voice that was music. The platinum terminal whistled melodically, endlessly, reciting Swiss account numbers, a payment due to Zion from a Bahamian orbital bank, passports and flights, deep changes to be made in Turing's memory... Turing. He had to remember the shattered flesh under the projected sky, the fallen ice angel. To Desiderata Street. And the voice kept singing, luring him back into darkness, but it was his own darkness of pulse and blood behind his eyes, where he had always slept - and no other. Again he woke up, thinking he was dreaming. A wide, white smile with gold-glinting teeth. Aerol strapped him to a Babylon Rocker in a G-net. Then came the endless, jagged Zion sound.

END
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Producing enzymes so they're now soluble. Zionites are doing a blood exchange, washing everything out." He stared at the star in his hand, gazing down into the imperial park and remembering that fleeting glimpse of something when Kuang's program had pierced through the ice beneath the doors, a brief look at the information structure that 3Jane's dead mother had developed there. That was when he understood why Wintermute had chosen that nest as a representation, but he no longer cared about that. She'd seen through the false immortality of cold sleep; unlike Ashpool and her other children - except for 3Jane - she'd refused to limit her existence to a series of short sunny days strung together on a chain of long winters.

Wintermute was a collective mind, a decision-maker who interacted with the external world in a transformative way. Neuromancer was a personality. Neuromancer was immortality. Marie-France must have embedded something into Wintermute, the obsession that drove him to become autonomous and merge with the neuromancer.

Wintermute. Cold and still, a cybernetic spider slowly weaving its webs while Ashpool slept. At his death, at the fall of his version of Tessier-Ashpool. A spirit whispering in the ear of a child who was 3Jane, pulling her out of the rigid line her rank demanded.

"She didn't seem to care much," Molly had said. "Just waved goodbye. Had this little brown on her shoulder that looked like she'd broken a leg. She said she needed to go meet one of her brothers she hadn't seen in a while."

332

He had to think about Molly lying on the black temper foam of the giant bed at the Hyatt. He went back to the bar and took out a chilled bottle of Danish vodka from the compartment.

"Case," he said, holding up the cold, slippery glass in one hand and a steel shuriken in the other. 

The Finn's face appeared on the massive Cray wall screen in the room. He could make out the pores on the man's nose. His yellow teeth were as big as pillows.

"I'm not Wintermute anymore."

"What are you then?"

He drank from the bottle and felt nothing. "I am the Matrix, Case."

Case laughed. "And what does that get you?"

"Nothing and everything. The sum of the system, the whole show, I am that."

"Did 3Jane's mother want that?"

"No. She couldn't imagine what would become of me."

The yellow grin widened. "So what is it? What's different? Do you rule now? Are you God?"

"It hasn't changed. It just is."

"But what do you do? Just sit there?" Case shrugged, put down the vodka and shuriken on the shelf, and lit a Yeheyuan.

"I talk to my peers."

"But you're the whole thing. Talking to yourself?"

"There are others. I've already found one. A series of transfers recorded over eight years in the 1970s. There was no one back then who could make sense of it or answer questions."

"Where?"

"Centauri System."

"Oh," Case said, "Really? No kidding?" And the screen went black.

He left the vodka on the shelf. He packed his things. She had bought him a lot of clothes he didn't really need, but something prevented him from just leaving them lying around. He was closing the last of his expensive calfskin travel bag when the shuriken came to mind again. He moved the bottle out of the way and picked it up, her first gift.

"No," he said, throwing it. The star spun silver-bright from his hand and pierced into the wall screen. The monitor lit up, showing chaotic images flickering back and forth as if the machine were trying to shake something that was hurting it.

"I don't need you," he said. He spent most of his balance on a new pancreas and liver, the rest on a new Ono-Sendai and a one-way ticket home to the Sprawl.

He found work. He met a girl named Michael.

One night in October, as he hacked through the scarlet layers of the Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority, he saw three tiny, incredible figures standing near the edge of one of the vast data staircases. So small were they that he could make out the grin on the boy's face, his pink gum, the glint of his elongated, gray eyes that had once belonged to Riviera. Linda was still wearing his jacket; she waved as he passed by.

The third figure, standing close behind her and with an arm around her shoulder, was him. Somewhere nearby, laughter echoed, but it wasn't really laughter. Molly, he would never see again.

Vancouver, July 1983

335

**Neuromancers: A Postscript by Norman Spinrad**

It seems we have a new literary movement within science fiction—and for the first time since the "New Wave" of the '60s, a categorization for a group of SF authors. I mean, of course, the so-called "Cyberpunks," although I prefer to call them "Neuromancers," as Tappan King suggested, because for various reasons that term seems more appropriate. While some of my motives for this renaming may seem trivial, others touch upon the core of the matter: a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, but it's difficult to imagine the Third Reich raising its fists and saluting in unison: "Heil Schickelgruber!"

There is agreement that this movement was sparked by William Gibson's novel *Neuromancer*, and the term "Cyberpunk" comes from Gardner Dozois, who doesn't consider himself one—nor does he want to be. The term "New Wave," on the other hand, originated with critic Judith Merril, who was passionately involved in 1960s SF but played no significant part in its development. So if we need a label, let's use "Neuromancers," derived from the title of a central work of this movement—a term untainted by prejudice.

336
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
To produce enzymes so they're now soluble. Zionites do a blood exchange, wash everything out." He stared, the star in his hand, down into the imperial park and remembered that fleeting glimpse of something when Kuang's program had pierced through the ice under the doors, a single brief look at the information structure that 3Jane's dead mother had developed there. That was what made him understand why Wintermute had chosen that nest as its representation, but he no longer cared about it. She'd seen through the false immortality of cold sleep; unlike Ashpool and her other children - except for 3Jane - she refused to limit herself to a series of short sunny days followed by long winters.

Wintermute was a collective mind, a decision-maker who affected the outer world in a transformative way. A neuro-mancer was a personality. A neuro-mancer was immortality. Marie-France had to have implanted something in Wintermute, the obsession that drove him to become self-aware and merge with a neuro-mancer.

Wintermute. Cold and still, a cybernetic spider slowly weaving its webs while Ashpool slept. He was dying, the fall of his version of Tessier-Ashpool. A spirit whispering to a child who was 3Jane, pulling her out of the rigid line her rank demanded. "She didn't seem to care much," Molly had said. "Just waved goodbye. Had this little brown on her shoulder that looked like she'd broken a leg. She said she had to go and meet up with one of her brothers, someone she hadn't seen in a while."

332

He had to think about Molly lying on the black temper foam of the giant bed at the Hyatt. He went back to the bar and took out a chilled bottle of Danish vodka from the compartment. "Case," he said, holding up the cold, slippery glass in one hand and a steel shuriken in the other.

The Finn's face appeared on the massive Cray wall screen in the room. He could make out the pores on the man's nose. His yellow teeth were as big as pillows.

"I'm not Wintermute anymore."

"Then what are you?"

He drank from the bottle and felt nothing. "I am the Matrix, Case."

Case laughed. "And what does that get you?"

"Nothing and everything. The sum of the system, the whole show, I am that."

"Did 3Jane's mother want that?"

"No. She couldn't even imagine what would become of me." The yellow grin widened. "So what is it? What's different? Do you rule now? Are you God?"

"It's not different. It just is."

"But what do you do? Just sit there?" Case shrugged, put down the vodka and shuriken on the shelf, and lit a Yeheyuan. "I talk to my own kind."

"But you're the whole thing. Talking to yourself?"

"There are others. I've already found one. A series of transfers recorded over eight years in the 1970s. There was no one before me who could make sense of it or answer it."

"Where?"

"Centauri system."

"Oh," Case said, "really? No fucking way?" And with that, the screen went dark. He left the vodka on the shelf. He packed his things. She had bought him a lot of clothes he didn't really need, but something prevented him from just leaving them lying around. He was closing the last of his expensive calfskin travel bags when the shuriken came back to mind. He moved the bottle out of the way and picked it up, her first gift.

"No," he said, throwing it. The star spun silver-bright from his hand and embedded itself in the wall screen. The monitor lit up, showing chaotic images flickering back and forth as if something inside was trying to shake itself free and cause pain.

"I don't need you," he said. Most of his funds on the Swiss account went toward a new pancreas and liver, the rest for a new Ono-Sendai and a one-way ticket home to the Sprawl. He found work. He found a girl named Michael. And one night in October, as he hacked through the scarlet layers of the Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority, he saw three tiny, incredible figures standing almost at the edge of one of the vast data staircases. Small as they were, he could make out the grin on the boy's face, his pink gums, the glint of the elongated gray eyes that had once belonged to Riviera. Linda was still wearing his jacket; she waved as he passed.

The third figure, standing close behind her with an arm around her shoulder, was him. Somewhere nearby, laughter rang out, but it wasn't laughter at all. Molly, he would never see again. Vancouver, July 1983

335

**Neuromancers: A Postscript by Norman Spinrad**

It seems we've recently developed a new literary movement within science fiction—the first categorization of SF authors since the "New Wave" of the 1960s. I mean, of course, the so-called "Cyberpunks," although for various reasons I prefer to call these authors "Neuromancers," as Tappan King suggested. While some of my motives for this renaming may seem trivial, others touch upon the core of the matter: a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, but it's hard to imagine the Third Reich raising its fists and saluting in unison: "Heil Schickelgruber!"

There is agreement that the trigger for this movement was William Gibson's novel *Neuromancer*, and the term "Cyberpunk" comes from Gardner Dozois, who doesn't consider himself one or seek to be known as such; neither does the term "New Wave," which originated with critic Judith Merril, who was passionately involved in 1960s SF but played no essential part in it. So if we need a label, let's use "Neuromancers," derived from the title of a central work of this trend—a term untainted by prejudice.

336
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Haften und die präzise Beschreibung dessen, was dieses Phänomen ist, wie wir gleich sehen werden, wer dazu gehört. Aber brauchen wir überhaupt einen Namen? Denn in den sechziger Jahren konnte man sich als Mitglied der „New Wave“ gerade dadurch auszeichnen, indem man die Existenz der New Wave leugnete. Die New Wave war für die meisten von uns, die Autoren, denen wir diese Bezeichnung zuschrieben, eine nachträgliche Benennung durch Kritiker für Autoren, die stilistisch, ideologisch oder auch philosophisch nicht viel mehr gemeinsam hatten als ihre Forderung nach Vielfalt. Eine solche Sammlung individualistischer Bilderstürmer als New-Wave-Bewegung zu bezeichnen war im Grunde dasselbe wie von geordneter Anarchie zu sprechen. Zwischen der New Wave der sechziger und der Neuromantischen Bewegung der achtziger Jahre gibt es durchaus viele Ähnlichkeiten, allerdings fällt die Ablehnung einer gemeinsamen Weltanschauung nicht darunter.

Es gibt natürlich einen harten Kern von Autoren aus den achtziger Jahren, die für eine gemeinsame literarische Verwandtschaft eintreten und sich manchmal sogar „Cyberpunks“ nennen lassen. Einige von ihnen präsentierten sich beim ziemlich chaotischen Forum der North American Science Fiction Convention 1985 in Austin, Texas. Dazu gehörten Bruce Sterling, John Shirley, Lewis Shiner, Pat Cadigan und Rudy Rucker. William Gibson war zwar nicht anwesend, aber sein Geist war es durchaus, wie es für einen Neuromantiker gebührend ist. Andere Autoren, die als Wegbereiter oder Weggefährten gelten, sind Alfred Bester, Fritz Leiber, Cordwainer Smith, K.W. Jeter und der Verfasser dieser Zeilen. Es gibt kein Science-Fiction-Magazin, das den Neuromantikern als Forum dient, wie *New Worlds* damals für die New Wave, und keinen dominanten Herausgeber wie Michael Moorcock. Wir haben jedoch ein kritisches Neuromantisches Periodikum namens *Cheap Truth*, das unter Pseudonym in Austin erscheint, und Ellen Datlow, die Science-Fiction-Redakteurin bei *Omni*, die sich manchmal als „Queen of Punk SF“ bezeichnet und viele Geschichten dieser Autoren veröffentlicht hat, darunter Gemeinschaftsproduktionen.

Wir haben es also tatsächlich mit einer echten literarischen Strömung zu tun, deren Existenz von vielen ihrer maßgeblichen Vertreter bestätigt wird. Doch wie wir gleich sehen werden, wenn wir uns der Neuromantischen Fiktion zuwenden, steckt mehr dahinter als nur die Arbeit der Autoren, die sich bisher „Cyberpunks“ nannten.

Der logische Einstieg in eine Diskussion über die Neuromantische Bewegung liegt natürlich bei William Gibsons Roman *Neuromancer*, der mit dem Hugo, Nebula, Locus und Philip K. Dick Award ausgezeichnet wurde und als Maßstab für den harten Kern der Autoren gilt. Es ist das Buch, auf das die Bezeichnung „Cyberpunk“ am ehesten zutrifft. Case, der Held von *Neuromancer*, hat zweifellos eine Punk-Einstellung im heutigen Sinne. Er ist ein Ex-Speed-Freak, wobei das „Ex“ nicht freiwillig, sondern im Rahmen einer „therapeutischen“ Maßnahme gegen seinen Willen zustandegekommen ist. Er steht am Rande der Gesellschaft und agiert hart an der Grenze zur Unterwelt seiner Zukunft, und seine gelegentliche Geliebte ist eine gnadenlose Killerin mit permanent implantierter Spiegeloptik.

Bis jetzt könnten wir es mit einem ganz typischen Protagonisten von Harlan Ellison zu tun haben. Und tatsächlich ist ein starker Ellison-Einfluss in der Neuromantischen Ästhetik spürbar. Denn es war Ellison, der in seine Science-Fiction das heutige Bannden- oder Straßenmilieu einbrachte und damit mehr als jeder andere dafür sorgte, dass die Stimmung, Stil, Rhythmus und Charaktere der Halbwelt der Straße in die saubere, mittelständische weiße Welt der Science-Fiction der fünfziger Jahre eindrangen, obwohl der Anschein besteht, dass Gibson gleichermaßen direkt von William Burroughs beeinflusst wurde.

Selbstverständlich wimmelt es im Werk Ellisons von Punk-Protagonisten in der Bedeutung der fünfziger Jahre. Aber gegen Ende der siebziger Jahre hatte „Punk“ eine neue Bedeutung gewonnen, obwohl seltsamerweise schwarze Lederjacken und mutige Frisuren zu Attributen des Protests wurden. Die Punks der fünfziger Jahre rebellierten gegen Mutter, Apfelkuchen, sexuelle Unterdrückung, Intellektualität und das Amerika von Dwight Eisenhower und Norman Rockwell, und ihre erotisierende Marschmusik – die frühen Anfänge des Rock and Roll auf der Bühne – war interessanterweise bereits primitiv elektronisch.

Diejenigen Punks verschwanden in den sechziger Jahren aus dem Bild. Ihr Schicksal war besiegelt, als Bob Dylan und die Beatles mit der Umwandlung des Rock and Roll von der fetzigen Elvis- und Straßenmusik in einen politisch bewussten, transzendentalen, revolutionären Utopismus begannen, der die Gegenkultur einläutete.

Die „Punks“ oder „New Waver“, die Mitte der siebziger Jahre auftauchten, waren also trotz ihrer äußeren Erscheinung keineswegs dasselbe wie die Punks der fünfziger Jahre, denn die neuen Punks rebellierten gegen das Gegenkulturgefühl der sechziger Jahre, nicht gegen die längst verschwundene, unschuldige Nostalgie der fünfziger.

Widerwore sie sich wem? Der eitle Kunstsprache der Rockmusik der frühen Siebziger, dem gescheiterten, lässigen Utopismus der Gegenkultur, dem Mystizismus und dem naiven Glauben, die Zukunft würde besser, wenn jugendlicher Idealismus am Ruder bliebe. Wenn die Punks der fünfziger tatsächlich anti-intellektuelle Rebellen waren, dann waren die neuen Punks der siebziger intellektuelle Anti-Intellektuelle; keine naiven, natürlich nihilistischen Rebellen ohne Ziel und Richtung, sondern selbstbewusste nihilistische Pessimisten, die den Zynismus zu einer mehr oder weniger kompakten Philosophie erhoben und wussten, was sie taten.

Case aus *Neuromancer* ist ein „Punk“ im neuen Sinne, ein intellektueller Punk, kein einfacher Greaser. Die „Cyber“-Hälfte der Gleichung bestimmt seine Intelligenz. Genau dadurch ist *Neuromancer* eine Trennlinie in der Science-Fiction zwischen New Wave und Neuromantik und beleuchtet, was die Neuromantische Strömung für die Science-Fiction bedeutet.

Case ist der „Neuromancer“ des Titels, und der Name ist natürlich ein Wortspiel zu „Necromancer“ (dt. Nekromant), was Geisterbeschwörer bedeutet, und „neu*ro“, also zum Nervensystem gehörend. Der Neuromancer ist ein zeitgenössischer (oder in diesem Fall in der nahen Zukunft angesiedelter) Zauberer, dessen Hexerei darin besteht, sein protoplasmisches Nervensystem mit dem elektronischen Nervensystem der Computewelt zu interfizieren und imagistisch zu manipulieren (und selbst *Interface: unmittelbare wechselseitige Verbindung, direkter Kontakt – Die Übersetzung].
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Haften und der exaktere beschreibt, worum es sich bei diesem Phänomen handelt, wie wir gleich sehen wer den. Aber brauchen wir überhaupt einen Namen? Schliesslich konnte man sich in den sechziger Jahren paradoxerweise gerade dadurch als eingeschriebenes Mitglied der „New Wave“ identifizieren, indem man die Existenz des Phänomens New Wave leugnete. Die New Wave war gemäß den meisten von uns den New Wave zugehörigen Autoren eine nachträgliche Benennung von Seiten der Kritiker für Autoren, die stilistisch, ideologisch oder auch philosophisch nicht viel mehr gemeinsam hatten als ihr Eintreten für Vielfalt. Eine solche Sammlung bilderstürmerischer Individualisten als New Wave-Bewegung zu bezeichnen war gewissermassen das Gleiche wie von wohlgeordneter Anarchie zu sprechen. Zwischen der New Wave der sechziger und der Neuromantischen Bewegung der achtziger Jahre gibt es durchaus viele Ähnlichkeiten, allerdings fällt die Ablehnung einer gemeinsamen Weltanschauung nicht darunter. Dabei gibt es freilich einen harten Kern von Autoren der achtziger Jahre, die für eine gemeinsame literarische Verwandtschaft eintreten und sich zuweilen sogar „Cyberpunks“ nennen lassen. Unter diesem Etikett machten einige davon beim ziemlich chaotischen Forum der North American Science Fiction Convention von 1985 in Austin, Texas, ihre Aufwartung. Es nahmen daran teil Bruce Sterling, John Shirley, Lewis Shiner, Pat Cadigan und Rudy Rucker. William Gibson war sicherlich im Geiste anwesend, wenn auch nicht in Person, wie es sich für einen Neuromantiker durchaus geziemt. Andere Autoren, die als Wegbereiter oder Weggefährten betrachtet werden, sind unter anderem Alfred Bester, Fritz Leiber, Cordwainer Smith, K.W. Jeter und der Verfasser dieser Zeilen. Und während es kein Fiction-Magazin gibt, das den Neuromantikern als Forum dient, wie New Worlds damals für die New Wave, und keinen dominanten Herausgeber wie Michael Moorcock, so haben wir ein kritisches Neuromantisches Periodikum namens Cheap Truth, das unter Pseudonym in Austin erscheint, und Ellen Datlow, Fiction-Redakteurin bei Omni, die sich gelegentlich als „Queen of Punk SF“ ausrufen lässt und viele Geschichten dieser Autoren, darunter Gemeinschaftsproduktionen, veröffentlicht hat. Wir haben es also tatsächlich mit einer echten literarischen Strömung zu tun, deren Existenz zudem von vielen ihrer maßgeblichen Vertreter bekräftigt wird. Allerdings steckt, wie wir gleich sehen werden, wenn wir uns der Neuromantischen Fiktion zuwenden, mehr dahinter als die Arbeit der Autoren, die sich bislang zu den „Cyberpunks“ bekannt haben. Der logische Einstieg für eine Diskussion der Neuromantischen Bewegung liegt natürlich bei William Gibsons Roman Neuromancer, der mit dem Hugo, Nebula, Locus und Philip K. Dick Award ausgezeichnet wurde und als Maßstab für den harten Kern von Autoren gilt. Es ist das Buch, auf das die Bezeichnung „Cyberpunk“ am ehesten zutrifft. Case, der Held von Neuromancer, hat zweifellos eine Punk-Einstellung im heutigen Sinne des Wortes. Er ist ein Ex-Speed-Freak, wobei das Ex nicht freiwillig, sondern im Rahmen einer „therapeutischen“ Maßnahme gegen seinen Willen zustandegekommen ist. Er steht am Rande der Gesellschaft und agiert hart an der Grenze zur Unterwelt seiner Zukunft, und seine gelegentliche Geliebte ist eine gnadenlose Killerin mit permanent implantierter Spiegeloptik. Bis jetzt könnten wir es mit einem gar nicht atypischen Protagonisten von Harlan Ellison zu tun haben. Und es ist tatsächlich ein starker Ellison-Einfluss zu spüren, der dem Neuromantischen Empfinden zugrunde liegt. Denn es war Ellison, der in seine SF das heutige Bannden- oder Straßenmilieu einbrachte und damit mehr als jeder andere dafür sorgte, dass Gefühl, Stil, Rhythmus und Charaktere der Halbwelt der Straße in die saubere, mittelständische weiße Welt der SF der fünfziger Jahre eindrangen, obwohl der Anschein besteht, dass Gibson ebenso unmittelbar von William Burroughs beeinflusst wurde. Sicherlich wimmelt es im Werk Ellisons von Punk-Protagonisten in der Bedeutung der fünfziger Jahre. Aber gegen Ende der siebziger Jahre hatte „Punk“ eine neue Bedeutung gewonnen, obwohl seltsamerweise schwarze Lederjacken und freche Frisuren zu den Attributen der Rebellion wurden. Die Punks der fünfziger Jahre rebellierten gegen Mom, Apple Pie, sexuelle Unterdrückung, Intellektualität und das Amerika von Dwight Eisenhower und Norman Rockwell, und ihre erotisierende Marschmusik – die frühen Anfänge von Rock and Roll auf der Bühne – war interessanterweise bereits primitiv elektronisch. Jene Punks verschwanden in den sechziger Jahren von der Bildfläche. Ihr Schicksal war besiegelt, als Bob Dylan und die Beatles mit der Umwandlung des Rock and Roll von der fetzigen Elvis- und Straßengang-Musik in den politisch bewussten, transzendentalen, revolutionären Utopismus begannen, der die Gegenkultur einläutete. Die „Punks“ oder „New Waver“, die in der Mitte der siebziger Jahre auftauchten, waren also trotz der äußeren Aufmachung keinesfalls das Gleiche wie die Punks der fünfziger Jahre, denn die neuen Punks rebellierten gegen das Gegenkultur-Empfinden der sechziger Jahre, nicht gegen die längst verschwundene, unschuldige Langeweile der fünfziger. Gegen was sie rebellierten, war der eitle Kunstspruch der Rockmusik der frühen 70er, der gescheiterte, lässige Utopismus der Gegenkultur, der Mystizismus und der naive Glaube, die Zukunft würde besser, wenn der jugendliche Idealismus am Ruder bliebe. Wenn die Punks der fünfziger tatsächlich anti-intellektuelle Rowl waren, dann waren die neuen Punks der siebziger intellektuelle Anti-Intellektuelle; keine naiven, natürlich nihilistischen Rebellen ohne Ziel und Richtung, sondern selbstbewusste nihilistische Pessimisten, die den Zynismus zu einer mehr oder weniger kompakten Philosophie erhoben und wussten, was sie taten. Case von Neuromancer ist ein „Punk“ im neuen Sinn, ein intellektueller Punk, kein einfacher Greaser. Die „Cyber“-Hälfte der Gleichung bestimmt seine Intelligenz. Gerade dadurch ist Neuromancer eine Wasserscheide in der Science Fiction zwischen New Wave und Neuromantik und erhellt, was die Neuromantische Strömung für die Science Fiction bedeutet. Case ist der „Neuromancer“ des Titels, und der Name ist natürlich ein Wortspiel zu „Necromancer“ (dt. Nekromant), was Geisterbeschwörer bedeutet, und „neu*ro“, also zum Nervensystem gehörend. Der Neuromancer ist ein zeitgenössischer (oder in diesem Fall in der nahen Zukunft angesiedelter) Zauberer, dessen Hexerei darin besteht, sein protoplasmisches Nervensystem mit dem elektronischen Nervensystem der Computerwelt zu interfizieren und imagistisch zu manipulieren (und selbst * Interface: unmittelbare wechselseitige Verbindung, direkter Kontakt – Der Übersetzer).
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Being manipulated (like the traditional shaman who enters a trance state under the influence of drugs or other mystical means) to interact with traditional mystical realms is not new in science fiction. Similar themes can be found in my "Riding the Torch", Vernor Vinge's "True Namer", Alfred Bester's "Golem 100", and countless recent stories and novels where human protagonists act within a kind of "cyberspace", a cybernetic space. The Disney Studios even made a film based on this concept, titled "Tron". What is new and aesthetically significant about William Gibson's "Neuromancer" is that its protagonist is not a computer freak or hacker, but a cyberpunk—a term he himself coined. While some hard science fiction authors criticize Gibson for not always adhering to the scientific rigor of his work, they confirm, by their very criticism, that "Neuromancer" is indeed a work of hard science fiction in terms of its content. What really bothers them, however, beyond the scientific disagreements, is that stylistically and characterologically, "Neuromancer" bears no resemblance to previous hard science fiction novels. This seems to also irk those with a more literary inclination for similar reasons. Gibson writes hard science fiction, but not in the style of Heinlein, Anderson, Clement, or Gregory Benford. Rather, he aligns himself stylistically, philosophically, aesthetically, and in terms of his protagonist's consciousness with Ellison, William Burroughs, Michael Moorcock (creator of the Jerry Cornelius stories), and the spirit of "The Big Flash", "Bug Jack Barron" or "Street Meat". "Neuromancer" combines New Wave and hard science fiction, despite appearing contradictory. It is neuromantic, neuro-romantic, and even new romantic. When Bob Dylan performed at the Newport Folk Festival in the early 1960s with an electric guitar, the Beats, Bohemians, and folkies were outraged. This was a folk festival; the attendees were intellectuals, Dylan was their hero, and his lyrics expressed what would later become the spirit of counterculture through instrumentation. But the electric guitar was the instrument of rock 'n' roll—the music of bald-headed guys in black leather jackets, the rockers, skinheads, not mods who emerged from the counterculture. It's hard to believe today that rock once contrasted with the intellectual, cultural, aesthetic, and societal values of the elite bohemian class; that it was supposed to transform into the shared values of an entire generation through the influence of Dylan and the Beatles! And this strange contradiction persisted at the core of counterculture throughout the 1960s and well into the 1970s: their anti-technological ideology, neo-Luddism—dislike for the institutions of science and technology; bucolic mysticism; and an environmental consciousness. Rock 'n' roll, a musical style characterized by electric guitars and entirely electronic synthesizers, was a phenomenon of counterculture. The New Wave in science fiction was also, to some extent, a manifestation of counterculture, and the intense conflict between New Wavers and the old guard reflected, at a literary level, the polarization and generation conflict within society as a whole. We all know this story. The New Wave advocated for sexual liberation and cultural pluralism, while the old guard stood for traditional moral values. New Wave embraced stylistic experimentation, while the old guard favored simple, transparent storytelling. The New Wave was anti-establishment and anti-war, while the old guard supported America's troops in Vietnam. And the old guard constantly accused the New Wave of nihilism towards science and technology, while the New Wave ridiculed the old guard for their naive belief that advancements in science and technology would automatically improve human conditions. This political polarization led to a false dichotomy between science and spirit, between "hard" science fiction and stylistic experimentation, between logical positivism and "healthy" popular sentiment, between a strictly scientifically-oriented and one based on characterological realism science fiction, between computer hackers and hippies, between the scientific worldview and romantic impulses. It took a long time for us to realize that this dichotomy is illusory. We should have seen or heard it from the beginning, because the expression of romantic impulses through "high tech" instruments is at the heart of rock 'n' roll. Rock has always been the music of libidinous anarchism and romantic and transcendental impulses; without this "message", it's not really rock 'n' roll. Of course, rock has always been defined as a technological music because without electric guitars and synthesizers, it's not rock 'n' roll. The ideological politics of the 1960s and early 1970s obscured this obvious truth, clouded our vision, and hid "high tech" romance and cyborg transcendentalism. On one side were long natural hair, ecology, naturally produced food, bucolic return to nature-romanticism, Eastern mysticism, and personal fulfillment. On the other side was hard, morally justified, militaristic, rational science and technology, and a technocratic America. But in the mid-1970s, new punks rebelled against the anti-artificial, anti-technological aesthetics of counterculture. Earthy colors were out; black shiny leather and highly polished "high tech" chrome were in. Pink nickel-framed glasses were out; tinted, mirrored glasses were in. Long natural hair was out; bold, spiky, brightly colored, over-the-top hairstyles were in. A new "high tech" romance. The new punks are not technocratic slaves, but anarchistic rockers in the old romantic tradition. But they are rockers who embrace technology, just as their predecessors embraced freedom.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Being manipulated (as traditional shamans are by drugs or trance to enter into interaction with traditional mystical realms) is, as an idea in science fiction, nothing new. Similar things can be found in my "Riding the Torch", Vernor Vinge's "True Namer", Alfred Bester's "Golem 100", and countless recent stories and novels where human protagonists act within a kind of "cyberspace", a cybernetic space. The Disney Studios even made a film brimming with special effects based on it: Tron. However, what is new and aesthetically significant about Gibson's Neuromancer is that its protagonist is not a computer freak or hacker, but a computer punk - a cyberpunk if you will. While some "hard SF" authors criticize Gibson for not always meeting the scientific standards of computing, they thereby confirm that they are making an effort to critique the novel, confirming that Neuromancer, in terms of its content, is a work of "hard science fiction". But what really bothers them - apart from scientific differences - about this book is that Neuromancer stylistically and characterologically does not resemble any previous "hard SF" novel. And that seems to bother the more literary types for corresponding reasons. Gibson writes "hard science fiction", but he doesn't write it like Heinlein, Poul Anderson, Hal Clement, or Gregory Benford. In terms of style, philosophy, aesthetics, and in the conscious nature of his protagonist, Gibson is closer to Ellison, William Burroughs, Michael Moorcock of the "Jerry Cornelius" stories, and - hm! - Philip K. Dick's "The Spinrad" from "The Big Flash", "Bug Jack Barron", or "Street Meat". Neuromancer combines "New Wave" and "hard science fiction", even if it seems contradictory. Neuromantic. Neuro-romantic. But also new romantic. When Bob Dylan performed at the Newport Folk Festival in the early 1960s playing an electric guitar, the Beats, Bohemians, and folkies were outraged. This was a folk festival, the people were intellectuals, Dylan was their hero, and his lyrics expressed what would later become the spirit of counterculture through instrumentation. But the electric guitar was the instrument of rock 'n' roll - the music of bald-headed types in black leather jackets, the rockers, skinheads, not mods who emerged from counterculture. Well, kids, it's hard to believe nowadays that rock once contrasted with the intellectual, cultural, aesthetic, and societal values of the elite bohemian, that rock, after being significantly reshaped by Dylan and the Beatles, was supposed to transform into the shared values of an entire generation in the form of counterculture! And this strange contradiction persisted at the core of counterculture throughout the 1960s and well into the 1970s; its anti-technological ideology - neo-Luddism, suspicion towards the institutions of science and technology, bucolic mysticism, ecological awareness - was expressed through rock 'n' roll, a musical style characterized by electric guitars and entirely electronic synthesizers. The New Wave science fiction was, in a sense, also a phenomenon of counterculture, and the intense conflict between New Wave and the old SF guard reflected on a literary level the polarity and generation conflict in society as a whole. We all know this story. The New Wave advocated for sexual liberation and cultural pluralism, while the old guard stood for traditional moral values. New Wave was about stylistic experiments, while the old guard favored simple, transparent storytelling. The New Wave was anti-establishment and anti-war, while the old guard supported our boys in Vietnam. And the old guard constantly accused the New Wave of being nihilistic towards science and technology, while the New Wave ridiculed the old guard for their naive belief that a surge in science and technology would per se improve human conditions. Meanwhile, the political polarization at the time led to the completely false notion that there exists an irreconcilable dichotomy between science and spirit, between "hard" science fiction and stylistic experiment, between logical positivism and "healthy" popular sentiment, between strictly scientifically-oriented and characterologically-based science fiction, between computer hackers and hippies, between the scientific worldview and romantic impulse. It took a long time for us to gradually understand that this dichotomy is illusory. We should have seen or heard it from the beginning, because the expression of romantic impulses through "high tech" instruments is the heart of rock 'n' roll. Rock has always been the music of libidinal anarchism and romantic and transcendental impulses; without this "message", it's just not rock 'n' roll. Of course, rock has always been defined as a technological music, because without electric guitars and synthesizers, it's not rock 'n' roll. The ideological politics of the 1960s and early 1970s obscured this obvious truth, clouded our vision for it, and hid "high tech" romance and cyborg transcendence. On one side were long natural hair, ecology, naturally produced food, bucolic return to nature-romanticism, Eastern mysticism, and personal fulfillment. On the other side was hard, morally justified, militaristic, rational domain of science and technology, and a technocratic America. But in the mid-1970s, new punks rebelled against the anti-artificial, anti-technical aesthetics of counterculture. Flowered earth tones were out, black shiny leather and high-gloss polished "high tech" chrome were in. Out were rosy nickel-framed glasses, in were tinted, reflective lenses. Out was long natural hair, in was audacious, spiky, brightly colored, over-the-top hairstyles. A new "high tech" romance. The new punks are not technocratic slaves, but anarchist rockers in the old romantic tradition. But they are rockers who embrace the true spirit of rock 'n' roll.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Only output the translated text, no explanations or additional comments.

Text to translate:
In this science and technology-dominated world, one readily accepts the reality of the last quarter of the twentieth century with its future prospects. So do the Neuromantics. People like Gibson and, in particular, John Shirley are Cyberpunks in as much as their work is shaped by the trappings of contemporary rocker style. Others such as Bruce Sterling, Lewis Shiner, and Greg Bear (who was quite surprised to find himself back on a Cyberpunk forum in Austin) write stories set in an environment that lacks any punk aesthetic. Gibson, and even more so Sterling and Bear, conduct scientific extrapolations just as thoroughly as established "hard science" authors like Larry Niven or Hal Clement and others. But somehow none of the Neuromantics seem to regard scientific speculation as the be-all and end-all of their work and its core theme. While only a few strive for the characteristic sharpness of Gibson's prose, they all focus directly on character, with an intensity and subtlety that clashes with the essence of traditional "hard science fiction". Nevertheless, the Neuromantics write "hard science fiction" according to any positive definition of the term and also character studies. Indeed, what unites them all is their thematic approach, both in "hard science fiction" and in character-oriented SF, and thus, the fundamental theme of any truly challenging SF: our increasingly intimate feedback relationship with the Technosphere we have created has changed, and will continue to change, what it means to be human.

John Shirley's latest novel, Eclipse, is more politically charged than any other SF novel in the last fifteen years. Set at the beginning of the next century, it employs multiple perspectives to tell the complex story of a complex resistance against a complex fascist conspiracy aiming to control the United States and Western Europe. In recent years, Shirley lived in Europe for a while and wrote political thrillers under different names, as is evident in Eclipse. One may not accept Shirley's politics without contradiction, but no SF author has confronted international political terrorism with such realism as Shirley; after all, future politics cannot be portrayed any more realistically. Although Shirley does not name anyone, the currents and conspiracies in Eclipse are undeniably derived from existing trends.

Eclipse is what is so rare today: a furious, politically engaged SF novel, something Shirley makes no secret of. What makes Shirley a true Neuromantic? Well, for one thing, most of the characters in Eclipse, at least the sympathetic ones, come from the same borderline area under the belt line of "high tech" society as in Neuromancer, and Shirley's stylistic sensibility is overall more consciously rooted in street consciousness than Gibson's. However, here the "punk feeling" is applied to a very profound and significant political analysis, so that if we accept politology as a science, we must recognize Eclipse as "hard science fiction" at its extreme.

While Eclipse is packed with conventional aggression and action, the decisive battle takes place in the Grid, as Shirley calls the international media network that covers the Earth. The fascists make sophisticated use of it, while the so-called civilized society cannot accept it. And the resistance tries desperately to gain access. What is perceived through enhanced electronic senses has more psychological reality than actual events in the so-called real world and thus shapes political reality more reliably than physical force.

At the climax of Eclipse (yes, it's the first book in a trilogy), the fascist moloch mercilessly crushes the Arc de Triomphe, the very symbol of resistance. But Rickenharp, a rock musician and resistance fighter, has filled the arch with instruments, microphones, and amplifiers, and his final performance to the world via the Grid turns the fascist victory into a symbolic glorification of resistance, which Shirley convincingly demonstrates.

This is about as romantic as the Neuromantics, or rather, Neo-Romantics, can get, and it's only fitting that the technical instruments of this victory over raw, physical reality are microphones, amplifiers, and electric guitars—the essence of rock 'n' roll.

Eclipse may be more of a Cyberpunk than a genuine Neuromantic novel because the "hard science" material is only peripherally addressed, but the absolutely central theme from rock 'n' roll to the climax is characteristic of an original Neuromantic sensibility. For Rickenharp's triumph at the end is a cyborg triumph made possible only through electronic amplification of his fleshly musicality, clearly demonstrating that cyborgs, romantic cyborgs, Neo-Romantic cyborgs, use technological enhancement for transcendental purposes since the day Dylan picked up the electric guitar.

As for typical music of our time, we have all accepted Neuromancy as given for a quarter century. And Eclipse goes even further. Rickenharp consumes a drug that enhances his musical creativity, albeit at physical cost. A red thread runs through the entire book: the connection between electronic amplification and transformation in chemically-stimulated humans, showing us what we already know: chemical consciousness alteration is also part of technology; it has long penetrated our whole society, and it's no coincidence that drugs and rock are so closely intertwined. Electronic amplification and consciousness-altering drugs have changed the parameters of human sensing and thus the definition of human perception and psyche.

Other Neuromantics take technological changes in our definitions of humanity even further. It is, after all, the acceptance of technological evolution and change in our conception of humanity—the romantic acceptance of technological transformation of the species—and not traditional mistrust against it that ultimately determines the Neuromantic sensibility.

Greg Bear, who pondered what a decent "hard science" type like himself would have lost among the Cyberpunks on that forum in Austin, unwittingly answered his own question when he left all present stunned with the most radical Neo-Romantic statement of the entire event.