УИЛЛИАМ ГИБсон  НЕУРОМАНСЕР  Научная фантастика Роман Первое немецкое издание WILHELM HEYNE VERLAG МЮНХЕН

HEYNE SCIENCE FICTION & FANTASY Том 06/4400 Название американской оригинальной издания: НЕУРОМАНСЕР Немецкий перевод Рейнхарда Хайнса Обложка созданна Баркли Шоу Иллюстрации в тексте выполнены Иоганном Петеркой 8-е издание Редактирование: Вольфганг Жешке Авторские права © 1984 Уильям Гибсон Авторские права © 1987 на немецкий перевод, WILHELM HEYNE VERLAG GmbH & Co. KG, Мюнхен Издано в Германии 1992 Усложнение обложки: Мастерская Ингрид Шутц, Мюнхен Типографика: Schaber, Вельс Печать и переплет: Eisnerdruck, Берлин ISBN 3-453-40385-1

САМЫЙ СТОРОНИЙ САД  ПЕРВЫЙ ЧАСТЬ  Чибская городская меланхолия Страница 7 ВТОРОЙ ЧАСТЬ  Покупательская экспедиция Страница 59 ТРЕТИЙ ЧАСТЬ  Полночь на улице Жюль Верна Страница 131 ЧЕТВЕРТЫЙ ЧАСТЬ  Вилла Страйлайт Страница 199 КОНЦЕПЦИЯ  Отъезд и прибытие Страница 329 НЕУРОМАНСЕР Заключительное слово Нормана Спинрада Страница 336

ВЗАМЕННЫЕ БЛАГОВОДИЯ  Брюсу Стерлингу, Льюису Шайнеру, Джону Ширли, героям. И Тому Мэддоксу, изобретателю EIS. И другим, кто знает почему.

Кейс закрыл глаза. Нашел переключатель с рифленой поверхностью. И в темноте, пропитанной кровью, за глазами вспыхнули серебряные фосфоресцентные образы на границах пространства, гипнотические изображения, напоминающие фрагментально смонтированный фильм, который шел вперед и назад. Символы, цифры, лица, размытое, фрагментарное мандала визуальной информации. "Пожалуйста", - он молил, - "теперь...". Серебристая пластина, цвет неба Чибы. "Теперь..." Диск начал вращаться, все быстрее и быстрее, превращаясь в светло-серую сферу. Расширялся. И раскрывался для него. Как трюк оригами, который раскрывается в жидком неоне, его безграничная родина, его страна, прозрачная шахматная доска в 3D, бесконечно простирающаяся. Внутреннее глазо открылось к отполированной, ярко-красной пирамиде Восточной прибрежной атомной электростанции, возвышающейся над зелеными кубами банка Америки Митсубиси. Высокое и очень отдаленное место. Он видел спирали военных систем, навсегда недоступные для него. И где-то там, смеясь, в белоснежном потолочном помещении, с нежными пальцами на палубе, лицо залитое слезами радости. С любовью Деб, которая сделала это возможным.

ПЕРВЫЙ ЧАСТЬ  Чибская городская меланхолия

Небо над гаванью имело цвет дальнего предвидения, настроенного на мертвый канал. "Это уже не то", - услышал Кейс, пробираясь плечами через толпу у двери чатба. "Просто так, как будто ты развил огромную зависимость от наркотиков". Это был голос спроула и шутка спроула*. Чатсубо был баром для постоянных иностранцев в добровольном изгнании; там можно было выпить неделю, не услышав ни слова по-японски. Рэтц хлопнул кулаком по стойке. Его протез руки монотонно дрожал, когда он наполнял стаканы Кирином из бочки. Он улыбнулся Кейсу. Его зубы были странным сооружением из восточноевропейского стали и шокирующего коричневого гниения. Кейс нашел место за стойкой между непредсказуемой красотой проститутки Лонни Зоны и жесткой униформой морского офицера, чья щека была прорезана точными рядами племенных шрамов. "Он уже был здесь с двумя попутчиками", - сказал Рэтц и протолкнул Кейсу стакан пива через стойку. "Делай что-нибудь со мной, Кейс?"

Кейс пожимал плечами. Девушка справа от него хихикнула. Бармен улыбнулся. Его уродство было легкомысленным. В эпоху покупательной красоты его недостаток имел сигнальное значение. Древний протез рук стонал, когда он хватался за другой стакан. Это был русский военный протез, захватчик с семью функциями, * "спроул" - это слово для обширного, нерегулярно раскинувшегося района с наркотиками. - Перевод 8

управляемый обратной связью, электрический и встраиваемый в грязное розовое пластик. "Ты художник, Кейс", - рычал Рэтц, звук которого начинался как его смех. Он потирал себе розовую лапу по белому рубашке, подтягивая выпуклый живот. "Ты жонглируешь странными сделками".

"Конечно", - сказал Кейс и глотнул пива. "Кто-то здесь должен быть странным. Ты точно не тот, черт возьми. Так что убирайся, хорошо?" Зона - мой личный друг, - сказала она.

Она посмотрела Кейсу в глаза и извергла самый легкий спутник слюны, не двигая губами. Но она ушла.

"Боже мой!" - сказал Кейс. "Какое это ужасное дурное место? Даже пива выпить нельзя".

"Ха", - сказал Рэтц, протирая деревянную доску мокрой тряпкой, - Зона приходит с процентами. Ты можешь сюда заходить ради развлечения.

Когда Кейс потянулся за своим стаканом, наступил один из тех странных моментов молчания, когда, как будто сто отдельных разговоров одновременно пришли в паузу. Затем раздался хихиканье проститутки, наполненный какой-то гистерией.

Рэтц рычал. "Это призрак".

"Китайцы", - крикнул пьяный австралийец, - "Китайцы изобрели эту проклятую нервную дрянь. Если это что-то с нервами, я еду на материк...".

"Ну и что", - сказал Кейс своему стакану, и его вся обида поднялась в нем, как желчь, - "это просто чепуха".

Японцы уже сделали больше нейрохирургических операций, чем когда-либо могли сделать китайцы. Черные клиники Чибы были на высоте; каждый месяц заменялось целое процедуры. Тем не менее, они не смогли исправить вред, нанесенный Кейсу в отеле Мемфиса.

После года здесь он по-прежнему мечтал о киберпространстве, и его надежда угасала с каждой ночью. Все стимуляторы, которые он принимал, все прогулки по узким улочкам и уголкам Ночной Города помогали ему ничего. Он все еще видел в сне матрицу, яркие решетки логики, раскрывающиеся над пустым цветным пустым пространством... Спроул теперь лежал странно далеко за горизонтом его сознания, и он не был консоль-гьером, ни киберпространственным ковбоем. Он был всего лишь маленьким вором среди многих, пытающимся пробиться сквозь это. Но в японской ночи сны обрушивались на него как водный заклинание на проводной проволоке, и тогда он плакал, плакал во сне, когда лежал один в темноте своей капсулы в гостинице Сарг, прижимаясь к кровати и борясь с пузырьками температуры, чтобы добраться до консоли, которая не существовала.

"Я видел твою девушку прошлой ночью", - сказал Рэтц, толкнув Кейса вторым подбородком.

"У меня нет девушки", - ответил он и выпил.

"Мисс Линда Ли".

Кейс покачал головой.

"Никакой девушки? Ничего? Только бизнес, друг художник? Полностью преданный коммерции?" Его маленькие коричневые глаза сидели в складках. * "Консоля" - это название для оборудования, подключенного к компьютеру для диалога (например, терминалы мониторов). Все консоли имеют клавиатуру, чтобы обмениваться информацией с компьютером. - Перевод 10
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"You made me like you better, laughed more. I fear one night you'll become too artificial; end up in a clinic cell, spare parts warehouse." "You're breaking my heart, Ratz." He drained his beer, paid and left, his tall, slim shoulders spread wide under the rain-sodden khaki nylon anorak. As he squeezed through the crowd of ninseis, he smelled his own pungent sweat. Case was twenty-four. At twenty-two, he'd been a cowboy, an active one, one of the best in the sprawl. He'd been trained by the best: McCoy Pauley and Bobby Quine, legends in the game. With constant adrenaline overload, side effects of his youth and skill, he clung to a standard Kyberspace deck that projected his de-materialized consciousness into the reflective hallucination of the Matrix. As a thief, he worked for others, richer thieves, employers who supplied the exotic software needed to pierce gleaming corporate facades and open windows into rich data fields. He made the classic mistake, though he'd sworn never to; he stole from his employers. He kept something for himself and tried to sell it through a fence in Amsterdam. He wasn't entirely sure how they'd caught him, but that didn't matter anymore. He was expecting death, but they just smiled. "Of course you're welcome," they said, "welcome in the realm of money." And he needed the money. Indeed, still smiling, they would make sure he could never work again. They damaged his nervous system with a Russian mushroom toxin from wartime.

In a Memphis hotel room tied to a bed, he lay half-conscious for thirty hours. Talent burned away micron by micron. The damage was slight, unnoticeable but extremely effective. For Case, who'd lived for the bodiless pleasures of cyberspace, it was a major fall. In the bars where he used to socialize as a super-cowboy, the elite of the industry showed a certain detachment and disrespect towards flesh. The body was just flesh. Case became a prisoner of his own flesh. All his possessions were quickly exchanged for new yen, crisp notes of the old paper currency that circulated endlessly through the closed channels of the global black market like the marine shells of the Trobriand Islanders. It was difficult to conduct legal transactions in cash within the sprawl; it was already banned in Japan. In Japan, he had stubbornly convinced himself, he would find a hundred percent cure. In Chiba. Either in a registered clinic or in the gray zone of black medicine. Chiba, a synonym for plantations, nerve splices and microbionics, was a magnet for techno-criminal subcultures of the sprawl.

In Chiba, he'd watched his new yen disappear over two months of tests and consultations. The people in the black clinics, his last hope, had stared at his disfigured body and then slowly shook their heads. Now he slept in the cheapest boxes, those right by the docks, between the quartz halo-beam lights that illuminated the docks day and night like giant stages; where because of the bright distant light you couldn't see Tokyo's holographic logo of Fuji Electric Company, nor even the sky-high hologram, and Tokyo Bay presented itself as a black desert, with gulls circling over the floating white styrofoam scraps.

Behind the harbor lay the city with its factory domes, towering over the vast cubes of company-owned arcologies*. Harbor and city were separated by a narrow strip of old streets, a no man's land without an official name. Night City with Ninsei at its core. By day, the Ninsei bars were closed behind iron roller shutters and unassuming; the neon lights were off, the holograms dead, in standby under the toxic silver sky.

Two blocks west of Chat in a teahouse, Case washed down the first pill of the evening with a double espresso. It was a flat pink octagon, a strong-acting Brazilian Dexedrin he'd bought from one of Zone's girls. The teahouse had mirrored walls framed in red neon. In Chiba, with little money and even less hope for a cure, he'd initially fallen into some kind of overdrive reaction. With a cold determination that didn't suit his nature at all, he set out to get money. In the first month, he killed two men and a woman - for sums he would have considered absurd a year ago. Ninsei was consuming him until the street itself seemed to embody a death wish, working like a hidden poison he carried around carelessly.

Night City resembled a deranged experiment in adapted Darwinism, designed by a bored researcher who kept his finger on the FF* button. Stop acquiring money and you disappear without a trace; move too fast and you break through the fragile surface tension of the black market and get served as well; in both cases, all that remains of you is a vague memory in someone like Ratz's mind, although your heart or lungs or kidneys can certainly keep on living for another stranger's needs against new yen for an organ bank.

Everything smelled of business here. Death was the known penalty for inaction, carelessness, unsavory tactics, failure to meet the demands of a twisted protocol. As Case sat alone at a table in the teahouse and slammed the octagon down, sweat beads broke out on his palms and every tickling hair on his arms and chest suddenly became noticeable, he realized he was playing a game again, an ancient one without a name, a final solitaire. He wasn't carrying a weapon anymore, didn't care about basic safety precautions.

He made the fastest, loosest deals on the street and was known for being able to get anything desired. A part of him knew that his bright light was obvious evidence of self-destruction to his dwindling clients, but the same... * FF = Fast Forward = Schnellvorlauf. - The translation
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A part of him bathed in the knowledge that it was only a matter of time. And that was the part of him, most hateful to Linda Lee, who, smugly nestled in his expectation of death, had the thought of her seared into his mind. He found her one night - it was raining - in an arcade. Under the dazzling specter lit by blue cigarette smoke, holograms from magic closed, from tank wars in Europe, from New York's skyline... And so she was remembered to him, face bathed in chaotic laser light, features reduced to mere code: the cheeks glowed scarlet as the magical lock burned, the forehead shimmered azure as Munich fell to tanks, the lips glistened golden as the wandering curse carved a spark of rain from a cloud-crack wall. He was in high spirits that night, a block of wages ketamine on its way to Yokohama and the money already in his pocket. Coming out of the warm rain pelting onto Ninsei's cobblestones, he entered. Somehow, he had the feeling she - a face among dozens standing at consoles, engrossed in the game she played - was meant for him. Her facial expression was the same one he saw hours later in a coffin at the harbor, her sleeping features: the upper lip resembled the drawn line children use to depict a bird in flight. As he crossed through the arcade and stood next to her, exhilarated by the successful deal, she looked up. Grey eyes with a smudged, black cursor - a blinking pointer on the screen indicating the current location for input - stared at him. A month passed before the configuration of drugs and tension he endured transformed those perpetually perplexed eyes into a source of reflexive needs. He observed her personality fracturing, like an iceberg calving into shards, drifting apart, finally revealing the raw need, the hungry skeleton of addiction. He watched as she set the next dose - with a concentration that reminded him of worshippers gazing at shrines in Shiga, selling blue carp and grasshoppers in bamboo cages alongside stalls. He stared at the black ring of coffee grounds in his empty cup. She swayed on speed, her body wracked by tremors. The brown synthetic coating on the table was marred with dull patina and tiny scratches. As dex entered his spine, he saw countless, random jolts that had been necessary to roughen the surface so severely. The jar was set in a faded, nameless style from the previous century, an uncomfortable mix of Japanese tradition and bleached Milanese plastic, but everything seemed coated with a fine film as if the bad nerves of millions of guests had attacked the mirrors and once-shiny plastic surfaces, leaving a hazy layer that couldn't be removed. "Hey Case, old friend..." He looked up, met grey eyes with eyeliner. She wore a washed-out French orbit overall and brand new white sneakers. "Been looking for you, man." She sat across from him, resting her elbows on the table. The sleeves of the blue overall were torn off at the shoulders. Automatically, he checked her arm for derms or injections. "Smoke?" She dug a crumpled pack of Yeheyuan filters from a pocket near her ankle and offered it to him. He took one and let her light it with a red plastic lighter. "Sleep enough, Case? You look tired." Her accent betrayed she was from the southern sprawl, Atlanta area. She looked pale under her eyes and sickly, but her skin was still smooth and tight. She was twenty. The first wrinkles crept into her mouth corners. Her black hair was tied back with a printed silk band. The pattern resembled a microcircuit or city map. "Not if I can help it," he said. A wave of longing, desire, and loneliness washed over him on the amphetamine's wavelength. He remembered the scent of her skin in the overheated, dark coffin at the harbor, her hands entwined behind his hips. All that flesh, he thought, and all his lusts. "Wage," she said, narrowing her eyes. "He wants to blow a hole in your head." She lit another cigarette. "Who says? Ratz? Did you say Ratz?" "No. Mona. Her new guy is one of Wage's cronies." "I don't owe him enough. He owes me, but he doesn't have any money anyway." He shrugged. "Too many people owe him something, Case. Maybe he wants to make an example out of you. You should really watch your back." "Sure. How about you, Linda? Got a place to crash?" "Crash." She shook her head. "Sure, Case." She bent forward over the table, her face covered in sweat. "Here," he said, rummaging in his anorak's pocket and pulling out a crumpled fifty-dollar bill. Automatically, he smoothed it under the table, folded it twice, and handed it to her. "You need it more than him, Sweetie. Give it to Wage." Now something entered her grey eyes that he couldn't interpret, something he had never seen before. "I owe Wage a lot more. Take it! I'll get more soon," he lied as his new yen disappeared behind the zipper of her bag. "Get your money, Case, go see Wage soon." "Later, Linda," he said as he stood up. "Sure." A millimeter of white eye showed under her pupils. Sanpaku. "Be careful, man!" He nodded and tried to disappear quickly. As the plastic door slammed behind him, he looked back and saw her eyes reflecting in a red neon frame.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
On a Friday night in Ninsai, he passed by yakitori stands and massage salons, a franchise café named Beautiful Girl, the electronic roar of an arcade. He moved to the side to let a slender man in a sarariman suit pass, as he noticed the Mitsubishi Genentech logo tattooed on his right palm. Was it authentic? If so, Case thought, trouble was coming. If not, he deserved what he got. MG employees at a certain level had modern microprocessors implanted that regulated their mutagen levels in their bloodstreams. Such devices in Night City brought trouble, got you snatched up by a black clinic. The sarariman was Japanese, but the people in Ninsai were Gaijin. Groups of sailors from the port across the bay, individual tourists desperately seeking thrills not listed in any travel guide, heavy guys from the sprawl showing off their transplants and implants, and a dozen different species of crooks all swarmed the street in a complex dance of lust and commerce. There were countless theories about why Chiba City tolerated the enclave of Ninsai, but Case leaned towards the idea that the Yakuza kept it as some sort of historical park, a monument to its shady beginnings. On the other hand, he also understood that increasing technological specialization needed free spaces, that Night City didn't exist for its inhabitants... * Yakitori = Japanese dish, grilled chicken in soy sauce. - The translation ** Mutagens = chemical substances that cause mutations. - The translation *** Gaijin = Japanese: foreigner. - The translation **** Yakuza = Japanese gangsters. - The translation 19

He wondered if Linda was right when he looked up at the lights. Would Wage kill him to set an example? It didn't make logical sense, but of course Wage mainly dealt in prescription bio-ware, and to do something like that, they said, you had to be crazy. But Linda said Wage wanted to have him killed. Case's first insight into street deals was that he wasn't really needed by either the buyer or seller. The middleman's job is to become a necessary evil. The shady niche Case created in Night City's criminal ecosystem came through lies and deceptions, night after night. Now that he felt its walls beginning to crumble, he experienced a strange euphoria. Last week, he had delayed the transfer of a synthetic gland extract and sold it at a higher margin than usual. He knew Wage hadn't liked that. Wage, who had been in Chiba for nine years and was one of the few Gaijin dealers who managed to establish contacts with the rigidly hierarchical criminal establishment beyond Night City's borders, was his most important supplier. Gen and hormone material flowed through a tangled network of straw men into Ninsai. For some reason, Wage once managed to trace something back, and now he enjoyed steady relationships in a dozen cities. Case caught himself staring at a shop window. The store sold trinkets to sailors: watches, folding knives, lighters, pocket video recorders, stim decks, weighted manriki chains, and shuriken. The shuriken, steel stars with razor-sharp points, fascinated him. Some were chrome-plated, others black, some had a rainbow-like film like oil on water coating them. But the chrome-plated stars held his gaze. They were fastened with almost invisible nylon threads on crimson ultravelour and embossed in the center with dragons or Yin Yang symbols. They reflected the neon light from the street distorted. Case felt these were his guiding stars, his fate, depicted by a constellation of cheap chrome. "Julie," he said to them. "Time to visit old Julie. He'll know." Julius Deane, whose metabolism was vigorously adjusted each week with a fortune in serums and hormones, was 153 years old. His main protection against aging consisted of an annual pilgrimage to Tokyo, where gene technicians re-programmed his DNA code, a procedure unavailable in Chiba. After that, he always flew to Hong Kong to get custom-made suits and shirts for the whole year. Impotent and uncomplaining, it seemed he found satisfaction mostly through his obsession with extravagant clothing. Case had never seen him wear the same suit twice, although he exclusively wore precise replicas of 20th century fashion. He liked to present himself with a thin gold-framed glasses with pink synthetic quartz lenses, faceted like mirrors in a Victorian dollhouse.

His office was located in a warehouse behind Ninsai. Some rooms had been sparsely furnished years ago with a colorful collection of European furniture, as if Deane once intended to use them as an apartment. Neo-Aztec bookcases, collecting dust, lined the walls of the room where Case waited. Two bulky, belly-shaped lamps in Disney style stood on a low side table covered in red-lacquered steel, in the Kandinsky look. A Dali clock hung between the bookcases on the wall. The distorted dial extended to the bare concrete floor. The hands were holograms that changed in sync with the distorted dial as it turned, but never showed the correct time. The room was filled with stackable white fiberglas shipping boxes that smelled of candied ginger. "Looks clean, old man," Deane's gravelly voice said. "Come on in!" The massive door with rosewood imitation to the left of the bookcases slid back on magnetic catches. On the plastic veneer, JULIUS DEANE IMPORT EXPORT was written in large self-adhesive letters that were peeling off. If the furniture in Deane's makeshift foyer dated back to the end of the last century, the actual office seemed to be from the beginning. Deane's smooth, pink face stared at him from the light beam of an antique brass lamp with a dark green glass shade. The importer was hidden behind a massive desk made of lacquered steel, squeezed in on both sides by high wooden cabinets with many drawers. File cabinets, Case suspected, as they were in pre-electronic times for storing written documents...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Only the translated text:

"A desk was cluttered with cassettes, yellowed sheets of printed end-paper and various parts of a clockwork-like typewriter that he had never managed to put together. 'What brings you to me, boy?' asked Deane, offering Case a long candy wrapped in blue-white checkered paper. 'Try it! Ting Ting Djahe, the best there is.' Case refused the ginger candy, sat down on a creaking wooden chair and ran his thumb along the faded seam of his black jeans' leg. 'Julie, I hear Wage wants to kill me.'

'So? Well then, and who says that if I may ask?'

'People.'

'People', Deane said, sucking on his ginger candy. 'What kind of people?'

Case nodded. 'Not always easy to tell who your friends are, right?'

'He owes me a little money, Deane. Did he say something to you?'

'I haven't seen him in a while.'

Deane sighed. 'If I knew anything, I wouldn't be able to tell you for sure, as things stand. You know...’

'Things?'

'He's an important connection, Case.'

'Does he want to kill me, Julie?'

'Not that I know of.' Deane shrugged, as if they were haggling over the price of ginger. 'If it turns out to be an unfounded rumor, old boy, then come back in a week or so. I have some info for you from Singapore.'

23

'From the Nan Hai Hotel, Bencoolen Street?'

'Mouth too loose, old boy!' Deane grinned. The desk was packed with a fortune in jamming devices. 'See you later, Julie! Greet Wage from me.'

Deane ran his fingers over the perfect knot of his silk tie. Not far from Deane's office, he felt a sudden jolt of cellular awareness that someone was on his tail, right behind him. Cultivating a harmless paranoia was second nature to Case. The trick was to keep it under control. But that could be quite a feat with a dose of octagon. He fought against the adrenaline rush, hid his slender build behind a bored, empty mask and pretended to be swept along by the crowd. When he spotted a darkened shop window, he forced himself to stand still. It was a surgery boutique, closed for renovation. With his hands in his jacket pockets, Case stared through the glass at a flat rectangle of lab-grown flesh on a beautifully crafted pedestal made of false jade. The color of the skin reminded him of one of Zones' prostitutes; she had been tattooed with a glowing digital display powered by a subcutaneous chip. He wondered involuntarily, as sweat broke out on his ribs, why he needed to carry something like that in his pocket when he could just as well keep it in his bag?

Without moving his head, Case scanned the crowd through the reflective window. There.

24

Behind sailors in short-sleeved khaki. Dark hair, mirrored glasses, dark clothes, slender... And gone. Now Case ducked and weaved through the crowd at a diagonal.

'Can you lend me a gun, Shin?'

The boy smiled. 'Two hours.'

They stood together in the smell of fresh, raw seafood behind a sushi stall in Shiga. 'Back in two hours.'

'I need it now, man. Do you have anything?'

Shin rummaged through empty two-liter cans that had once held sea salt powder. He pulled out a thin bundle wrapped in gray plastic wrap. 'Taser.** 30 new yen deposit.’

'Damn. That doesn't help me.' He needed a gun, to shoot someone maybe, got it?

The boy shrugged and tucked the bundle behind the sea salt cans. 'Two hours.'

He went into the store without even looking at the displayed shurikens. He had never thrown one before.

He bought two packs of Yeheyuan with a Mitsubi Bank chip that identified him as Charles Derek May. The best chip he'd ever gotten, beating Truman Starr.

The Japanese woman behind the terminal looked like she hadn't slept in years, though without any scientific backing. He pulled out a thin roll from under the counter and showed it to her. 'I want to buy a weapon.'

She pointed to a display case filled with knives.

'No,' he said. 'I don’t like knives.'

She pulled out a long, rectangular box from under the counter. The yellow cardboard lid was printed with a stylized rolled-up cobra with its neck spread wide open. Inside were eight identical, wrapped cylinders. He watched as her speckled, brown fingers peeled one of them from the paper. She held it up for inspection, a matte steel tube with a leather strap on one end and a small bronze pyramid at the other. She gripped the tube in one hand, took the pyramid between her thumb and forefinger of the other hand and pulled. Three oiled, extendable spirals shot out telescopically and snapped shut.

'Cobra,' she said.

25

Over the neon lights of Ninsei, the sky was a simple gray. The air was worse; that evening it seemed to have teeth. Half the crowd wore respirator masks. Case had tried out his Cobra for ten minutes in a public restroom, trying to figure out how to discreetly carry it with him; he'd ended up just stuffing the grip into the waistband of his jeans, so the tube lay across his stomach. The pyramid-shaped tip dangled between his chest and the fabric of his anorak. He constantly felt like it would clatter to the ground on his next step, but it gave him a better feeling.

The bar wasn't really a place for dealing, but it attracted relevant customers on weekdays. Fridays and Saturdays evenings were different. Regulars were mostly there too, but they disappeared in the crowd of sailors and specialists who lurked around them. When Case pushed open the swing door, he looked for Ratz but the bartender was nowhere to be seen. Lonny Zone, the bar's regular pimp, followed a young sailor with glassy, fatherly eyes as one of his girls began to work him over. Zone relied on a hypnotic drug that Japanese called 'cloud dancers'. When Case caught Zone’s eye, he signaled him to come over. In slow motion, Zone moved through the crowd, his long face slack and relaxed.

'Have you seen Wage tonight, Lonny?'

Zone looked at him as always, unperturbed, and shook his head. 'Sure, man?'

'Maybe in Namban. Two hours ago maybe.'

'A couple of guys with him? One of them thin, dark hair, maybe black jacket?'

'No,' said Zone finally, furrowing his brow to indicate the effort it cost him to remember such trivia. 'Big guys. Transplants.'

Zone's eyes had very little white and even less iris; his pupils were widely dilated under flabby eyelids. He looked Case up and down for a long time before looking away. He noticed the bulge of the steel whip. 'Cobra,' he said, raising an eyebrow. 'Whipping someone’s ass?'

'See you later, Lonny!' Case left the bar.

26

His shadow was back. Case was certain. A mix of octagon and adrenaline gave him a thrill. You like this, he told himself; you're crazy.

27
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Because strangely, it was almost like running in the Matrix. If you get sidetracked and realize you're hopelessly stuck, you might see Ninsei as a data field, reminding you of proteins once linked by the Matrix to distinguish cell features. Then you could move at high speed, skimming over it, completely detached yet unattached from everything, surrounded by the buzz of business, interacting information, flesh-and-blood data in the labyrinth of the black market... Just do it, Case! he told himself. Put them in. They'd least expect that. He was a block away from the game hell where he'd first met Linda Lee.

He stormed through Ninsei, scattering a horde of meandering sailors. One of them cursed him in Spanish. Then he was through the entrance. The noise crashed over him like a wave, bass pulsing in his gut. Every landing would be a 10-megaton hit in Europe's tank war; a simulated explosion filled the arcade with a bright roar as a dark red fireball hologram bloomed mushroom-like. He swerved to the right and ran up a staircase of unvarnished plywood. He'd been here once before, to discuss a deal with prescription hormone triggers with a certain Matsuga. He remembered the corridor, the grimy linoleum, the row of identical doors leading to tiny offices. One door was now open. A young Japanese woman in a sleeveless black T-shirt looked up from a white terminal; behind her head hung a poster of Greece's Aegean Sea, with snappy lettering. "Watch out!" Case warned her.

Then he ran through the corridor until he was out of sight. The last two doors were closed and, as he suspected, locked. He spun around and slammed his nylon sneakers against the blue-painted plywood door at the rear end. It banged open. Cheap metal clattered from the splintered frame. Inside, dark, the white round of a monitor housing. He was already at the door to its right, wrapping both hands around the transparent plastic button and pushing with all his might. It cracked, and he was inside. Here, Case and Wage had met Matsuga, but the shell company Matsuga ran wasn't there anymore. No terminal, nothing. Light from an alley behind the arcade filtered through smoky plastic. He could make out a twisted strand of fiber optic cables poking out of a box in the wall, a pile of discarded food containers, and the wingless basket of an electric fan.

The window consisted of a single sheet of cheap plastic. He shed his anorak, wrapped it around his right hand, and hit. The pane shattered and fell after two more hits. The muffled din of the arcade was drowned out by a siren, either from the broken glass or the girl at the end of the corridor.

Case turned, put on his anorak again, and pulled the cobra completely out. Since the door was closed, he figured his pursuer assumed he'd vanished through the one he'd half-ripped off its hinges. The bronze pyramid of the cobra began to sway slightly as the steel spring bit into his pulse.

Nothing happened. There was only the siren wail, the arcade noise, his heartbeat. Fear hit like a long-forgotten friend. Not the cold, agile mechanism of Dex paranoia, but raw, animal fear. He'd lived in constant dread for so long he'd forgotten what naked fear felt like.

This little room was a place where people kept dying. Maybe he should die here. Maybe they had guns.

A muffled rumble from the other end of the corridor. A male voice in Japanese. A scream, shrill and piercing. More muffled noise.

And footsteps approaching without haste.

They reached his door. Three quick heartbeats, then they stopped and reversed. One, two, three. The heel of a boot scraped on the linoleum. His adrenaline-fueled courage crumbled completely. He whipped the cobra into its sheath and darted to the window, blind with fear, utterly drained. He was outside, falling before he knew what he was doing. A dull pain shot through his shins when he hit the pavement.

A thin beam of light from a half-open service shaft framed a pile of fiber optic cables and the casing of a broken console. He landed face down on a damp piece of plywood; he rolled onto his back, in the shadow of the console. The window of the office cubicle was a dimly lit rectangle. The siren still wailed, louder here as the rear wall muffled the arcade noise.

A head appeared in the window, illuminated from behind by fluorescent lights in the corridor. Although the head reappeared, he couldn't make out its features. Silver gleam over the eyes. "Fuck," someone said, a woman with a northern sprawl accent. The head disappeared. Case lay under the console and counted to twenty. Then he stood up. He still held the steel cobra, but it took him a few seconds to remember what it was. He hobbled away down the alley, rubbing his left ankle.

Shins' pistol was a 50-year-old Vietnamese imitation of a South American copy of a Walther PPK, double action system with a hard-to-pull trigger and a .22 rifle chamber. Case would have preferred lead azide explosive rounds rather than the simple Chinese cartridges Shin had sold him. At least it was a gun with nine rounds of ammunition. As he passed by the sushi stand in Shiga, he weighed it in his anorak pocket. The grip was made of bright red plastic shaped like an upright dragon, a motif that could be felt in the dark. He'd left the cobra in a dumpster in Ninsei and swallowed another octagon dry.

The pill lit up his circuits, and he hurried from Shiga to Ninsei, then on to Baiitsu. His pursuer was gone, which was good. He had calls to make, business to take care of, things that couldn't wait. Behind the first block of Baiitsu, heading towards the harbor, stood an unassuming ten-story office building with a hideous yellow brick facade. Its windows were now dark, but a faint light could be seen on the roof if you strained your neck. A turned-off neon sign at the main entrance proclaimed CHEAP HOTEL under a flickering "A."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Свойство письменных символов. Если магазин имел название, то Кейс его не знал; всегда говорили о "Дешевом отеле". Чтобы добраться до него, нужно было проехать по узкой улочке у Байицу, где в основании прозрачного колодца ждал лифт. Лифт был подобран к Дешевому отелю пост-фактум и прикреплен к зданию из бамбука и эпоксидного клея. Кейс вошел в пластиковую кабину и использовал свой ключ — не помеченный полосой из магнитной ленты.

Кейс арендовал гроб в этом отеле еженедельно с момента прибытия в Чибу, но никогда там не спал. Он предпочитал более дешевые места для ночлега. Лифт пах парфюмом и табачным дымом; стенки кабины были царапаны и покрыты грязными отпечатками пальцев. Когда кабина достигла пятого этажа, Кейс увидел свет от Нинсеи. Он стучал по рукояти пистолета пальцами, пока кабина медленно и скрипя полностью остановилась. Как всегда, это произошло резким рывком.

Он вышел во внутренний двор, который служил как передняя часть сада, так и фойе. В центре прямоугольного зеленого ковра из пластика сидел японский подросток за консолью в форме буквы "C" и читал учебник. Белые гробовые ящики были расставлены на строительном подъемнике. Шесть рядов по десять ящиков с каждой стороны.

Кейс кивнул подростку и хромая по пластиковому ковру подошел к следующему лестничному маршу. Двор был покрыт дешевыми, ламинированными матами, которые при шторме раскрывались и не были водонепроницаемыми, но открывать ящики без ключа было довольно трудно. Лестница дрожала под его весом, когда он подошел к третьему ряду, номер 92. Ящики были длиной три метра, крышка в форме арки — шириной метр и высотой почти полтора метра.

Он вставил ключ в замочную скважину и ждал ответа от компьютерной системы здания. Магнитные болты хлопали воодушевляюще, а крышка медленно поднялась на пружинных подшипниках. Флуоресцентные лампы загорелись, когда он проник внутрь, закрыл крышку за собой и нажал кнопку, активирующую ручной замок.

В номере 92 ничего не было, кроме обычного ноутбука Хитачи и небольшого белого ящика из пенопласта. В ящике оставались остатки трех 10-килограммовых блоков сухого льда, тщательно завернутых в бумагу, чтобы замедлить испарение, и лабораторная сетка с алюминиевым переплетением. Лежа на коричневом пузырчатом ковре, который служил одновременно полом и кроватью, Кейс достал из кармана 22-й пистолет Шинса и положил его на ящик. Затем он снял свой анорак.

Терминал гроба был встроен в одну из стен напротив доски с правилами проживания в семи языках. Кейс взял трубку и позвонил по номеру в Гонконг, который он знал наизусть. Он ждал пять раз, а затем повесил трубку. Его покупатель за три мегабайта оперативной памяти от Хитачи не брал звонки.

Он набрал номер в Токио, Шинджуку. Ответила женщина на японском.

— Есть ли там змей?

— Рад слышать от тебя, — ответил Змей.

— Я хочу тот, который у вас есть.

Он посмотрел на ящик.

— Хорошо. Но мы сейчас не можем доставить его. Ты сможешь подождать?

— Черт возьми, мне действительно нужны деньги...

Змей повесил трубку.

— Дурак! — сказал Кейс в трубку. Он посмотрел на дешевый пистолет.

— Блин, — сказал он, — сегодня ночью это будет полезно.

Часом раньше рассвета Кейс вошел в бар, закрыв обе руки в карманах анорака; в одном лежал пистолет, а в другом бутылка из алюминиевой фольги. Рэт сидел за одним из задних столов и пил апельсиновое пиво из стеклянного стакана, его 100-килограммовое мясистое тело прижато к стулу, который скрипел по деревянному полу. Молодой бразилец по имени Курт стоял за стойкой и обслуживал немногочисленных клиентов, в основном пьяных молчаливых людей. Рэт сгибал пластиковую руку, поднимая и выпивая пиво. Его лысый череп блестел от пота.

— Ты выглядишь плохо, друг художник, — сказал он, показывая свое грязное, черное зубы.

— Мне хорошо, — ответил Кейс и улыбнулся как сумасшедший. — Отлично.

Он опустился на стул напротив Рэтта, не вынимая руки из карманов.

— И ты бродишь по такому переносному бункеру с алкоголем и стимулятором, уверен, чтобы защитить себя от более тяжелых чувств, да?

— Почему бы тебе не заняться своим грязным делом, Рэт? Ты видел Вагу?

— Защищает от страха и одиночества, — продолжил бармен. — Слушай страх! Возможно, он твой друг.

— Ты слышал о драке в игровом зале сегодня ночью? Кто-то ранен?

— Идиот из службы безопасности был ножом пронзен девушкой, — ответил Рэт, пожимая плечами. — Говорят, она.

— Я должен поговорить с Вагой, Рэт. Я...

— Ах, — сказал Рэт, сжимая пластиковую трубку в руке, как для рукопожатия. — Думаю, у тебя будет возможность скоро.

Внезапно шурикены пронзили стекло витрины, и Кейс почувствовал, как скорость кружится в его голове. Пистолет в его руке был скользким от пота.

— Мистер Вага, — сказал Рэт, медленно протягивая свою пластиковую трубку. — Приятно вас видеть. Так редко вы нас посещаете.

Кейс повернулся и посмотрел на лицо Вагы. Это была сонная пятнадцатиминутная морда. Глаза состояли из лабораторно выращенных зеленых никоновских имплантатов. Вага был одет в темно-серый шелковый костюм. На его запястьях были простые платиновые браслеты. По обе стороны от него стояли его подельники, почти идентичные мальчики с имплантированными мышечными пакетами на руках и плечах.

— Как дела, Кейс? — спросил Рэт.

— Хорошо, джентльмены, — ответил Рэт, поднимая пластиковый стакан для сигарет, который он взял с стола. — Я не хочу проблем здесь.

Стакан для сигарет был из толстого неразрывного пластика и рекламировал пиво Цингдао. Рэт легко раздавил его, и зеленые кусочки пластика посыпались на стол.

— Что?
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"He, Süßer," said one of the toughs, "do you want to try that with me?" "Don't bother aiming at my feet, Kurt," Ratz said in a casual tone. Case looked through the bar and saw the Brazilian standing behind the counter, pointing a Smith & Wesson rifle at the trio. The barrel, made from an ultra-thin alloy reinforced with a kilometer of fiberglass, was long enough for a fist to fit inside. The open magazine revealed five fat orange shotgun shells, subsonic rubber buckshot. "Not deadly in theory," Ratz noted. "He, Ratz," Case said, "I owe you something." The bartender shrugged. "You don't owe me anything. Those guys there should know better. In Chatsubo nobody gets killed." Wage coughed. "Who's talking about killing? We just want to talk, purely business. Case and I, we work together." Case pulled out his 22-caliber pistol and aimed it at his crotch. "I hear you want to kill me," Ratz said as he wrapped his pink claw around the gun, causing Case's hand to relax. "Listen, Case, what's going on with you? Do you have an egg on your head? What the hell is this about wanting to kill me?" Wage turned to the boy on his right. "Get out of here, guys! Wait for me!" Case watched as the two crossed through the now completely empty bar, except for Kurt and a sailor in khaki crouching hunched over a barstool at the floor. The Smith & Wesson's barrel followed the men to the door and then swung back toward Wage. Case's pistol magazine clattered onto the table. Ratz held the gun by its trigger guard and pulled out the shell. "Who said I wanted to finish you off, Case?" Wage asked. "Linda," Case replied. "Who said that, man? Are they trying to rouse you?" The sailor groaned and threw up violently. "Get him out of here!" Ratz told Kurt, who now sat on the counter with his knees bent and a cigarette lit. Case felt the crushing weight of night as if wet sandbags filled his eye sockets. He took the bottle from his pocket and handed it to Wage. "That's all I've got. Hypophyse preparation. It'll get you five hundred if you pass it on quick." His remaining capital was in a RAM, but he could write that off now. "Are you okay, Case?" The bottle had disappeared behind the dark gray lapel. "I mean, sure, we're square, but you look bad. Like flattened shit. You should lie down somewhere." "Yeah." As he stood up, the bar swayed. "Well, I still had fifty, but someone took it from me." He grinned, checked the magazine of his 22-caliber and removed a shell, then put it back in. He shoved the gun into his other pocket. "I've got to go to Shin to get my bail back." "Go home," Ratz said, shifting uncomfortably on the creaking chair. "Artist, go home!" He sensed they were watching him as he crossed through the bar and squeezed past the sticky door with his shoulders. As he stepped out of the elevator, the same boy sat at the table. The textbook was different. "Good man," Case sauntered across the plastic grass, "you don't need to tell me anything. I know already." A pretty lady had visited, he said, and she claimed to have his key. "A nice little tip for you, say fifty new ones?" The boy put the book away. "Woman," Case said, tracing a line across his forehead with his thumb. "Silk." He smiled widely. The boy smiled back, nodded. "Thanks, ass," Case said. On the landing he had trouble with the lock. She must have damaged it while fiddling around, he thought. A beginner. He knew where to rent a black box that could open any coffin in a cheap hotel. Fluorescent lights flickered as he crawled inside. "Close the lid very slowly, friend," Case said. "Do you still have the thing you rented Saturday night at the sushi stand?" She sat with her back against the wall at the far end of the coffin. She had pulled her knees up and rested her hand on them. The mouth of a flechette pistol* poked out from between her hands. "Were you in the arcade?" He closed the lid. "Where's Linda?" "Push the button for the lid!" He did. "Your girl? Linda?" He nodded. "She's gone. With your Hitachi. She's really nervous." "What about the gun, man?" She wore a mirrored pair of glasses, black clothing. The heels of her black boots pierced into the foam padding. "I returned Shin my bail and got his money back. I had to give him the bullets at half price. Will you take dry ice?" "No." "Ice cubes then." "What happened last night? Why did you stage this scene in the arcade? Did someone from security have to come after me, attack me with a nunchaku**?" "Linda said you wanted to kill me." "Said Linda? I saw her here for the first time just now." "You're not from Wage, are you?" She shook her head. He noticed that the lenses of her glasses had been surgically implanted to seal the eye sockets. The silver lenses seemed to grow out of the smooth, pale skin over her cheeks, framed by dark, fringed hair. Her fingers curling around the flechette pistol were thin and fair, with burgundy-painted nails that looked fake. "You're pretty messed up, Case," she said. "Just because I show up, you already have me slotted into your reality." "What do you want, lady?" He leaned against the lid. "You, alive. A guy who still has some brains. Molly, Case. That's my name. I bring you to a man I work for. He just wants to talk to you, that's all. Nobody wants to hurt you." "Fine." "Unless I sometimes get annoying," she said. "I guess that's just how I am." She wore a tight black leather pant and an ill-fitting jacket made from a dull fabric that seemed to swallow light. "When I put this flechette pistol away, will you be peaceful, Case? You look like the kind of guy who likes taking risks." "Hey, I'm very peaceful. I let everything happen to me, no problem." "Great," she said. "Because if you try to hit me, you're taking the biggest risk of your life." She held out her open hands with slightly spread fingers. With a barely audible click, ten double-edged, four-centimeter scalpel blades shot out from behind her burgundy nails. She smiled. Slowly, the blades retracted.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Two years in coffins made the room on the 25th floor of the Chiba Hilton seem enormous. It was ten by eight meters, half a suite. A white brown coffee machine steamed on a low table before sliding glass doors leading to a narrow balcony. "Have some coffee! You look like you could use it." She took off her black jacket; the fleeced vest hung from her arm in a black nylon shoulder bag. She wore a sleeveless grey sweater with bare steel zippers over her shoulders. Bulletproof, Case thought as he filled a bright red cup with coffee. His arms and legs felt wooden to him. "Case." He looked up when he saw the man for the first time. "I'm Armitage." The dark morning cloak was open to his hips, the broad chest unshaven and muscular, the stomach flat and firm. The blue eyes were so bright they seemed bleached against Case's face. "The sun's out, Case. Today's your lucky day, kid." Case jerked his arm to the side but the man dodged the hot coffee. Brown sauce ran over the artificial rice paper wallpaper. He noticed the square gold ring in the left earlobe. Special Forces. The man smiled. "Drink your coffee, Case!" said Molly. "Everything's fine with you, but you're not going anywhere until Armitage talks to you." She sat cross-legged on a silk futon and began taking apart the vest without looking. The two mirrors followed Case as he went to the table and refilled his cup.

"Too young to remember war, Case?" Armitage ran a broad hand through his short brown hair. A heavy gold band gleamed at his wrist. "Leningrad, Kiev, Siberia. In Siberia we invented you, Case." 
"What do you mean?" 
"Screaming Fist, Case. Ever heard of it?" 
"It was a tactical operation, right? They wanted to burn this Russian nexus with virus programs." 
"Yeah, I've heard about it. Nobody came out alive." 
He felt the sudden tension. Armitage walked to the window and looked over Tokyo Bay. "That's not true. A unit made it to Helsinki, Case." 
Case took a sip of his coffee, grimacing. 
"You're a console cowboy. The prototypes for the programs you use to crack industrial banes were developed for Screaming Fist. For the attack against the computer nexus in Kirensk. The basic module was a Nightwing Microlight*, a pilot, a matrix deck, a jockey. We worked with a virus called Mole. The Mole series was the first generation of real invasion programs." 
"Breacher," Case said over the rim of his red cup. "Breacher from EIS, Electronic Invasion Defense System." 
"The problem is, Mr., I'm not a jockey anymore, so I guess I'd better go..." 
"I was there, Case; I was there when they invented you and people like you." 
"What do you mean by 'people like me'?" 
"We have a detailed profile, information on every one of your codenames. We've processed it all with military software. You're prone to suicide, Case. The model gives you another month out in the field. And your medical project says you'll need a new parathyroid gland within a year." 
"Us." He looked into Armitage's pale blue eyes. "Who are 'us'?" 
"Let me tell you something, Case," Armitage said slowly, as if he'd been carved from metal: motionless, immensely heavy. A shock. Case knew now that it was a dream and he would soon wake up. Armitage wouldn't say another word. His dreams always ended with such still shots, and this one was over. 
"What would you say, Case?" 
Case looked out over the bay and shivered. "Just fuck, I guess." 
Armitage nodded. "I'd like to know your conditions then." 
"More or less routine for you, Case." 
"The man should get some rest first," Molly said from her futon. The vest pieces lay spread out on the silk like a fancy puzzle. "He's really beat up." 
"The conditions," Case said, "and right away! Now!" He still shivered. The shivers wouldn't stop. 
The nameless clinic was expensively equipped and consisted of a series of pavilions separated by formal gardens. He knew the clinic from his consultation rounds in the first month after arriving in Chiba. 
"Come on, Case," Molly said as they stood on a courtyard-like square. White flagstones, a green bamboo bush, black, wavy gravel. A gardener, a large metal contraption shaped like a crab, was tending to the bamboo. 
"It's going to be all right, Case." She crossed her thumbs in the belt loop of her black leather pants and swayed on her polished red cowboy boots. The narrow boots' tips gleamed with Mexican silver caps. The mirrored, empty lenses regarded him with the calmness of an insect. 
"You're a street samurai," he said. "How long have you been working for him?" 
"A couple months." 
"And before that?" 
"For someone else. I'm just a hardworking girl, you know." 
He nodded. "Strange, Case." 
"What's strange?" 
"I feel like I know you. The profile he has... I know how your wires run." 
"You don't know me, sister," Case said. 
"You're all right, Case. You've just had a little bad luck, as they say." 
"How's he doing? Is he okay, Molly?" The robot crab stalked towards them across the wavy gravel. Its bronze armor could have been a thousand years old. As it came within a meter of their heels, it fired a beam and paused while analyzing the incoming data. 
"The first thing I always think about," Molly said, "is my own precious skin." 
The crab began to back away from her but she gave it a well-aimed foot kick. The silver boot cap clattered against the armor; the creature tumbled onto its back but quickly righted itself with its bronze limbs. 
Case sat on a flagstone and prodded the gravel with his shoe tips. He rummaged through his pockets for cigarettes. "In your shirt," she said. 
"Now, tell me," he demanded, taking out a crumpled Yeheyuan from a pack and lighting it with a slim German steel lighter that seemed to have come from an operating room. 
"Well, let me tell you this man is really after something. He's suddenly got lots of money and keeps getting more."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
In his mouth. "Or perhaps something followed him behind..." She shrugged her shoulders. "What do you mean?" "I don't know exactly. I only know that I don't know for whom or what we're actually working." He looked into the double mirror. After leaving Hilton on Saturday morning, he had returned to the Cheap Hotel and slept for ten hours. Then he took a long, aimless stroll along the security fence towards the harbour, watching seagulls circling behind the wire mesh. If she followed him, then she'd done good work. He avoided Night City. He waited in the coffin for Armitage's call. Now this silent courtyard on a Sunday afternoon, the girl with an athlete's body and a magician's hands. "If you want to come in now, Sir, the anesthesiologist is expecting you," The technician bowed, turned around, and went back to the clinic without waiting to see if Case followed him. Cold steel smell. Ice wrapped his spine. Lost, tiny in the darkness, cooling hands, fading perceptions through escapes of TV sky. Voices. Then black fire in the nerve branches; pain that surpassed everything deserving the name of pain... Stay still. Don't move. And Ratz was here and Linda Lee, brave and Lonny 46

Zone, a hundred faces from the neon forest, sailors and crooks and whores; here where the sky over the wire mesh fence and the skull's dungeon had a poisonous silver hue. Damned, don't move. Where the sky blended from roaring static to the non-colour of the Matrix, and he saw his Shuriken, his stars. "Stay still, Case, I have to find your vein!" She crouched on top of him, a blue plaster in her hand. "If you don't stay still, I'll slit your damn throat open. You're still loaded with endorphin suppressors." He woke up and noticed she was lying next to him in the darkness. His throat was stiff like twigs. Pain pulsed from his spine down to his centre; images appeared, changed: a flickering montage of towers and shattered dome-shaped cupolas of sprawl, blurred figures approaching under a dark bridge or overpass... "Case? It's Wednesday, Case." She moved, rolled onto her side, bent over him. One of her breasts brushed against his upper arm. He heard her rip open the plastic seal of a mineral water bottle and drink. "Here," she pressed the bottle into his hand. "I can see in the darkness. Integrated image amplifier in the lenses."  "My back hurts." "They exchanged your liquor. They also replaced your liver with fresh tissue. I don't know about your nervous system. Lots of injections. They didn't have to cut anything open." She lay down next to him again. "It's 2:43:12, Case. I have a display chip in my optic nerve." He sat up and tried to drink from the bottle. Choked, coughed. Warm water gushed over his chest and thighs. "Get going!" he heard himself say. He fumbled for his clothes. "I need to know..." She laughed. Small, strong hands clamped down on his upper arms. "Sorry, you devilish guy. You'll have to wait eight days. Your nervous system would drop out of the clouds if you plug in now. Medical order. By the way, they think it worked. They'll check tomorrow or so." He lay back down.  "Where are we?"  "Home. In the Cheap Hotel."  "Where's Armitage?"  "In Hilton, selling pearls to natives or something like that. We're leaving here soon, man. Amsterdam, Paris, then off into sprawl." She tapped him on the shoulder. "Turn around! I can give a good massage." He rolled onto his stomach, stretched his arms out so the fingertips touched the coffin wall. She knelt down on the foam mattress, facing him. Cool leather against his skin. She ran her fingers over his neck.  "Why aren't you in Hilton?" As answer, she reached between his legs and gently cupped his testicles with her thumb and forefinger. For a while she moved, upright in the darkness, her other hand on his neck. The leather of her pants crinkled as she moved. Case, feeling he was getting an erection, changed position on the foam mattress. His head pounded but the stiff sensation in his neck seemed to subside. He rested on one elbow, turned around and sank back into the foam, pulling her towards him and licking her breasts. Her little hard buds glided over his sight. He felt for the zipper of her leather pants and pulled it up.  "All right," she said. "I can see." The leather pants crinkled as she took them off. She squirmed next to him until she could push them away with her feet. She wrapped a leg around him, and he stroked her face. Surprisingly hard, the implanted lenses. "No," she said. "Fingerprints." Now she sat back on top of him, took his hand and pressed it against her body, so that the thumb lay in the crevice of his buttocks, the spread fingers on his labia. As she slowly lowered herself onto him, the illusory images returned, faces and fragments pulsing in neon light. She slid all the way onto him. He tensed involuntarily. Like this she rode him up and down until they both came. His orgasm was a blue flash of light in timeless space, immeasurable like the Matrix where faces tore through windstorms while the insides of their tight thighs slapped against his hips.  In Ninsei, a lighter version of the day's crowd performed the dance on Zone. Noise rumbled from game and pachinko halls. Case looked into Chat and saw Zone watching over his dolls in the warm, dim, beer-scented bar. Ratz stood behind the counter. "Seen Wage, Ratz?"  "Not tonight." With undisguised skepticism, Ratz looked at Molly.  "Tell him you have his money," Case said while reflecting in her lenses. "I have business I need to get out of."  "Armitage won't be happy if I lose sight of you." She stood under Deanes melting clock, hands resting on her hips.  "The man doesn't talk to me when you're around. Deane is nothing to me. He can handle things alone. But I have people who disappear smoothly if I vanish from Chiba without a trace. You get it?  "She pursed her lips and shook her head.  "I have people in Singapore, Tokyo connections in Shinjuku and Asakuza, and they...  50
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The pressure is on, my companion is armed and has a good amount of silicone in her head. What's going on? Deanes ghostly cough seemed to hang between them in the room. "Wait, Julie. I'm definitely coming alone." "That's for sure, buddy. It doesn't work any other way." "Alright," she said. "Go ahead! But only five minutes. One more and I'll come in and make your tight friend cold forever. And you figure something out while that happens."

"Hmm?"

"Because I'm doing you this favor." She turned around and walked past the stacked boxes of candied ginger. "Aren't you a strange lot these days, Case?" Julie asked. "Julie, she's gone. Let me in, please, Julie?" "Case, be careful!" the voice said. "Turn on what tech you have on your desk, Julie!" Case, sitting in his swivel chair, replied, "It's always on." He casually pulled a handgun from behind the dismantled parts of his old mechanical typewriter and aimed it at Case. It was a Magnum revolver. The barrel had been shortened to a stump and the trigger guard sawn off, the grip wrapped with something that looked like old crepe paper. The weapon in Deanes manicured, pink hand seemed peculiar. "Safe as can be, you know. Nothing personal. Tell me what you want!"

"I need a history lesson, Julie. And some info on someone."

51

"What's going on, buddy?" Deanes cotton shirt was striped like candy paper, the collar white and stiff like porcelain. "Me, Julie. I'm vanishing, leaving. But do me this favor, okay?"

"Info on who?

"A Gaijin named Armitage, Suite at the Hilton."

Deane put the gun away. "Stay still, Case!" He typed something into his keyboard on his lap. "It seems you know as much as my network does, Case. This gentleman appears to have a temporary arrangement with the Yakuza, and the sons of the neon chrysanthemum know how to shield their allies from me." To Deane, that was fine. So, onto history. He had mentioned history.

He picked up the gun again but didn't aim it directly at Case. "What kind of history?"

"War. You were in war, Julie?"

"War? What's there to know about it? It lasted three weeks."

"Screaming Fist."

"Famous. No more history classes these days? There was a big, damn political affair after the war. Watergate, as it's written in the book. Your big shots, Case, your big shots from the sprawl in...McLean? They were in deep trouble. Bad scandal. They sacrificed a nice bunch of young patriots to test new procedures."

They knew about the Russian defense, as later revealed. They knew about EMPs*, electromagnetic pulse weapons. Still, they sent them anyway.

Deane shrugged. "Duck hunting for Ivan."

*EMP = abbreviation for Electromagnetic Pulse weapon

52

"Did any get through?"

"Darn," Deane said, "it's been a while... But I think a few did. One of the teams. They got their hands on a Soviet gunship, a helicopter, you know, flew it to Finland. Of course, they weren't reported and were shot down by Finnish defenses." Special Forces types.

Deane sneered. "Hellhounds."

Case nodded. The smell of candied ginger was overwhelming.

"I spent the war in Lisbon, you have to know," Deane said and put the gun away. "Nice place, Lisbon."

"With the troops, Julie?"

"Not much. Although I saw fights."

Deane smiled his pink smile. "Wonderful what a war can do for business."

"Thanks, Julie. I owe you one."

"Not much, buddy. And take care."

Later, he realized that the evening at the Sammi had felt off from the start; even while following Molly down that corridor and stomping through the trampled mulch of torn tickets and Styrofoam cups, he had sensed Linda's impending death...

After talking to Deane, they went to Namban where he settled his debt with Wage using a roll of new yen. Wage was happy, but the boy seemed less pleased. Molly grinned baringly at Case by his side, clearly wishing one of them would make a move. So, back to Chat for a drink they went.

53

"Waste of time, cowboy," Molly said as she pulled an octagon from her anorak pocket. "How about a hit?" She held it out to him.

"Your new pancreas and liver, Case. Armitage had them flushed." She tapped the red-nailed finger on the octagon. "No more riding on amphetamines or cocaine."

"Shit," he muttered and looked at her.

"Go for it! Down a dozen. Nothing will happen." He did. Nothing happened. After three beers, she asked Ratz about the fights.

"Sammi," Ratz replied.

"I'm in," Case said. "They say they kill each other there."

An hour later, Molly bought tickets from a skinny Thai in a white T-shirt and rugby pants. The Sammi was an inflated dome behind a warehouse near the harbor. The hard gray skin was reinforced with a wire mesh. The corridor with a door at each end formed a lock that stabilized the pressure inside the dome. Ring-shaped fluorescent lights were attached at intervals to the ceiling, most of them broken. The air was damp and stale, smelled of sweat and concrete.

Despite all this, he wasn't prepared for the arena, the crowd, the tense silence, the towering figures under the dome. Staged in a concrete ring, the projection equipment cast holograms that mimicked the fighters' movements. Smoke from cigarettes swirled up in currents created by the fans inflating the dome. No sound except the hum of the fans and the amplified breathing of the fighters.

Color reflections danced across Molly's lenses as the men circled each other. The holograms were ten times magnification; thus, the knives they held measured nearly a meter long. Case remembered; it was like wielding a sword, fingers wrapped around the grip, thumb pointing to the blade. The knives seemed to move independently, glinting tip against tip in ritualistic play as they waited for an opening. Molly's face remained still and soft, focused and attentive.

"I'll get us something to eat," Case said. She nodded, caught up in the spectacle.

54

He didn't like it here. He turned around and walked back into the darkness. It was too dark. Too quiet. The crowd, as he observed, consisted mostly of Japanese. No real Night City folk. Techs from the Arcologies. He concluded that the arena had found its place in a corporate entertainment program. Briefly, he wondered how it would be to live your life for just one Zaibatsu*. Corporate apartment, corporate anthem, corporate funeral.

He had to walk almost all the way around the dome before he found his exit.

*Zaibatsu = leading Japanese family clans that control business and industry
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Киоск был обнаружен. Он купил якитори на шпажках и две маленькие бутылки пива в блестящих картонных стаканчиках. Посмотрев вверх к голограммам, он увидел, что одна из фигур кровоточила под грудью. Густая, коричневая соусная жидкость капала с шампурков на его лодыжки. Семь дней, и он бы впал в обморок. Если бы он сейчас закрыл глаза, то увидел бы матрицу. Тени дрожали от ритмичного танца голограмм. Тогда страх сжал его плечи. Холодный пот стекая по груди. Операция не удалась. Он все еще был здесь, все еще был плотью; на кружащиеся ножи не ждала ни Молли, ни Армитедж в отеле «Хилтон» с билетами и новым паспортом и деньгами. Это был всего лишь сон, жалкая иллюзия... Горячие слезы промокали его глаза. В красном всплеске света кровь брызнула из горла. Теперь толпа кричала, прыгая со стульев - фигура упала, голограмма потемнела... Скуление в горле. Он закрыл глаза, глубоко вдохнул, открыл их снова и увидел Линду Ли, проходящую мимо. Ее серые глаза были слепы от страха. Она носила тот же французский комбинезон. И исчезла во тьме. Чистый инстинкт: он бросил пиво и курицу и побежал за ней. Он не знал наверняка, звал ли он ее по имени. Послеобраз тонкой красной световой струи. Разбитый бетон под его тонкими сандалиями. Всплеск белых кроссовок, теперь почти прижатых к круглой стене. Опять в глазах ему пробежала зловещая лазерная лучевая линия, пробивающаяся через его поле зрения, когда он бежал. 56

Кто-то поставила ему ногу. Он порезал руки о бетон. Он катился, бьется об ногу, не попадая. Хрупкий мальчик, в контровом свете радуга-цветной нимба над острым блондином, наклонялся к нему. Над ареной фигура с поднятым ножом обращалась к ликующей толпе. Мальчик улыбнулся и вытащил что-то из рукава. Нож для бритья в ядовито-красном цвете, как третий луч, пронзающий темноту. Кейс увидел, что нож для бритья, как рутка, направлялся к его горлу. Лицо расплывалось в облаке искр и взрывов. Стрелы Молли, двадцать в секунду.

Мальчик кашлял и упал на ноги Кейса. Он пошел к киоску, в темноту. Он посмотрел вниз, ожидая увидеть рубиновую иглу в груди. Ничего. Он нашел Линду. Ее сбросили у подножия бетонного столба. Ее глаза были закрыты. Запах горящего мяса наполнял воздух. Толпа кричала имя победителя. Продавец пива полировало свои краны темным полотенцем. Белый кроссовок каким-то образом отвалился и лежал рядом с ее головой. Следуй за стеной! Бетонная изгиб. Руки в карманах. Идите дальше! Мимо слепых лиц. Все глаза были устремлены на изображение победителя над рингом. Однажды он заметил бледное лицо европейского человека в свете спички. Улыбка сжималась вокруг короткого стержня металлической трубки. Хашишный запах. Кейс продолжал идти и ничего не чувствовал.

- Кейс. - Ее линзы всплыли в темноте. - Ты в порядке? - Что-то хрипело и гулко в темноте за ней. Он покачал головой. - Бой окончен, Кейс. Время возвращаться домой. - Он попытался пройти мимо нее, обратно в темноту, где что-то умирало. Она схватила его за грудь, чтобы остановить. - Друзья твоих близких друзей убили ее. Ты не имел удачи с друзьями в этом городе, да? Мы сделали краткий профиль того старого свина, когда делали твой, парень. Для нескольких новичков он бы сжигал каждого. Парень там сзади говорит, что они нашли ее след, когда она пыталась продать свой RAM. Для них дешевле убить женщину и забрать товар. Немного сэкономить... Я узнал об этом от того, кто имел лазер. Случай, что мы здесь были, но я должен был это проверить.

Ее губы сжались. Кейс почувствовал, что его разум заблокирован. - Кто? - Кто послал ее?

Она протянула ему мешочек с сахарной гингером, запачканный кровью. Он увидел, что кровь прилипла к ее рукам. В глубине темноты кто-то рвался и умирал.

После повторного осмотра в клинике Молли отвезла его в порт. Армитедж уже ждал. Он арендовал ховеркрафт. Последнее, что Кейс увидел из Чибы, были темные углы аркологий. Затем туман покрыл темную воду и плывущие кучки мусора.

58

ЧАСТЬ ВТОРАЯ  Покупательская экспедиция

59

Домой. Его домом был БАМА, спрел, Бостон-Атланта-метрополитенный коридор. Программируйте карту, показывающую частоту обмена данными при каждом тысяче мегабайт на пиксель* на очень большом экране. Манхэттен и Атланта светятся ярко белым. Затем они начинают мерцать, потому что скорость потока угрожает перегрузить вашу симуляцию. На карте вашего компьютера расцветает новая звезда. Только слегка. Вверх с сеткой: каждый пиксель - миллион мегабайт. При ста миллионах мегабайт на квадратный сантиметр вы можете различить отдельные кварталы в Манхэттене, очертания столетних промышленных парков, окружающих старый центр Атланты...

Кейс проснулся от сна о аэропортах, от черной кожаной одежды Молли, которая шла впереди него по посадочным площадкам в Нарите, Схиполе и Орли... Он увидел себя за час до рассвета покупающим плоскую пластиковую бутылку датского водки на каком-то киоске где-то перед закатом.

Где-то внизу в стальных бетонных основаниях спрелла шел застойный воздух через туннель. Сам поезд, скользящий по индукционному полу, был бесшумным, но вытесненный воздух заставлял туннель гудеть субсоническими басами. Вибрация достигала комнаты, в которой он лежал, и поднимала пыль из щелей на его морском паркетном полу.

* Пиксел = управляемые компьютером светящиеся точки изображения на экране. Чем больше пикселей, тем выше графическое разрешение компьютера. - Перевод.

60

Когда он открыл глаза, он увидел Молли, лежащую нагой и вне его досягаемости на новой розовой подушке. Солнечный свет пробивался через ржавое решетчатое окно в потолке. Полметра стекла было заменено на доску из фанеры, из которой высовывалось толстое серое кабель, висящее всего несколько сантиметров над полом. Он лежал на боку и наблюдал за ее дыханием, за ее грудью, за округлостью ее стороны с функциональной элегантностью самолетного фюзеляжа. У нее был стройный, красивый корпус и мышцы балерины.

Комната была большой. Он встал. Помимо широкой розовой матраца и двух новых идентичных нильоновых сумок, стоящих рядом, в комнате было пусто. Бледные стены, без окон, белая лакированная стальная дверь. Стены были покрыты бесчисленными слоями белой латексной краски. Это был производственный зал. Он знал эти помещения, эти здания. В Амстердаме, в старом районе центра с его столетними домами. Молли с апельсиновым соком и яйцами из канала. Армитедж на тайном рейде. Он и Молли на площади Дам, идущие к бару по главной улице Дамрака. Париж был расплывчатым сном. Покупки. Она ходила с ним за покупками.

61

Он встал, надел новые потрепанные джинсы, лежавшие рядом, и присел рядом с ней, на колени.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Смотреть. Первая, которую он открыл, принадлежала Молли: аккуратно складываемая одежда и дорогие приспособления. Вторая была набита вещами, которые он не мог вспомнить, купленными: книгами, кассетами, колодой Симстим, одеждой с французскими и итальянскими этикетками. Под зелёной футболкой он обнаружил плоское оригами-упаковочное* из японского переработанного бумаги. Бумага порвалась при поднятии; блестящий звездный символ с девятью кончиками выпал и застрял в щели паркетного пола. «Сувенир», — сказала Молли. — «Я заметила, что ты всегда смотрел на него». Он повернулся и увидел её сидящей в позе лотоса на кровати. С сонливым видом она потирала живот красными ногтями. «Позднее кто-то придёт, чтобы обеспечить магазин», — сказал Армитедж. Он стоял в открытой двери и держал в руке старинный магнитный ключ. Молли готовила кофе на небольшом немецком горшке, который вытащила из сумки. «Можно мне тоже?» — сказала она. — «У меня достаточно приспособлений. Фар-красный детектор, звуковой сигнализатор...» «Нет», — сказал он, закрывая дверь. — «Я хочу, чтобы всё было плотно закрыто». «Как пожелаешь», — ответила она. Она носила чёрное сетчатое футболку, вставленную в чёрную карманную джинсовую штанину. — Ты уже когда-нибудь был у полиции, Армитедж? — спросил Кейс, сидя спиной к стене. Армитедж не был выше Кейса, но его широкие плечи и военная осанка казались заполняющими всю дверь. Он носил тёмный итальянский костюм; в правой руке он держал мягкую чёрную кожаную сумку. Уши спецназа исчезли. Красивое безвыразительное лицо соответствовало обычной красоте косметических бутиков, консервативному образу ведущих медиаперсон последних десятилетий. Яркий блеск его глаз усиливал впечатление маски. Кейс уже сожалел о своём вопросе. — Я имею в виду, много спецназовцев попадают в полицию или в охранные службы, — нервно добавил Кейс.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Career, baby, that's all," and another sign to be quiet. "Let's get a breakfast, okay? Eggs with real bacon. You're probably going to kill yourself with this artificial Chiba plankton you've been eating." "Come on, let's take the subway to Manhattan and get a proper breakfast!" The lifeless neon spelled out METRO HOLOGRAFIX in dusty uppercase letters from glass tubes. Case pawed at a piece of bacon stuck between his front teeth. He'd given up asking her where or why; knuckles in his ribs and the sign to be quiet were all he got as an answer. She chatted about current fashion, sports, a political scandal in California that he had never heard of before. He looked around the deserted alleyway. A sheet of newspaper fluttered across the intersection. Moody winds on the East Side, caused by vertical air currents and overlapping domes. Case peered through the window at the dead neon advertisement. Her sprawl wasn't his sprawl; she'd dragged him through a dozen bars and clubs he had never seen before, taking care of business—maintaining connections—with just a nod most of the time. Something moved in the shadows behind METRO HOLOGRAFIX. The door was made of corrugated metal. Molly performed complicated gestures in front of it that he couldn't follow. He recognized the sign for money: rubbing thumbs and index fingers together. The door swung open, leading him into the musty interior. She stood them in a narrow passage between piles of junk—66

tattered paperbacks stuffed into overstuffed shelves along both walls. The mess seemed to have grown there; it resembled a fungus made of bent metal and plastic. He could make out individual items buried in the pile: the innards of an old TV, its vacuum tube glass still intact, how ancient it was; a worn parabolic antenna, a brown glass fiber canister packed with rusty metal tubing. A heap of old magazines had spilled onto the free space; meat from past summers stared up at him as he followed her through a chasm of compacted refuse. He heard the door swing shut behind them. He didn't look back. The tunnel ended with an old army blanket nailed to a doorway frame. Bright light streamed out as Molly squeezed herself through. Four bare, rectangular walls made of black-and-white plastic, the ceiling the same. Hospital flooring made of white plastic tiles with a non-slip pattern of small, slightly raised circles. In the center, a square wooden table and four white folding chairs. The man who now stood blinking in the doorway behind them, draping an army blanket over his shoulders like a cape, seemed to have come from a wind tunnel. His ears were tiny and lay flat against his narrow skull, and his long front teeth, visible in a half-smile, slanted inward. He wore an old tweed jacket and held some sort of hand gun in his hand; he blinked, then tucked it away in a jacket pocket. With a gesture to Case, he pointed to a white plastic panel leaning against the doorframe.

Case walked over and saw that the device was a thick package of circuits, barely one centimeter thick. He helped the man lift it and attach it to the door. Agile, nicotine-yellow fingers secured it with a white Velcro strip. A hidden fan started humming. "Time's running," said the man, straightening up, "you know the price, Molly."

"We need a scan, Finn. On implants."

"Then go over between the columns. Mark them. Straight as an arrow, yes. Now slowly turn, 360 degrees." Case watched her slowly turning between unsteady-looking, sensor-equipped columns. The man pulled out a small monitor and glanced at it briefly. "New in your head, yes? Siliconon pyrolytic carbon cladding. A watch, right? Your lenses give the same readout as always, isotropic low-temperature carbon. Better biocompatibility with pyrolytic carbon, but that's your business, right? That goes for your claws."

"Here, Case," he said, pointing to a black X on the white floor. "Slowly turn." "The guy's a virgin," the man shrugged. "A few cheap fillings, that's all."

"Checking biomaterials?" Molly opened her green vest and took off her dark glasses.

"Do you think this is the real thing? Get up on the table, kid, we're doing a little biopsy." He laughed, revealing more of his yellow teeth. "No way, sweetie, no bugs or cortical bombs. Can the canopy go down?"

"Just long enough for you to disappear, Finn. Then we want total shielding, as long as we want it."

"Fine with me, Moll. You pay by the second." They closed the door behind him and Molly turned one of the white chairs around and sat, resting her chin on her crossed arms. "Let's talk. We're as undisturbed here as my wallet allows."

"About what?"

"What we do."

"What we do?

"Work for Armitage."

"Not in his interest, you say?"

"Yes. I've seen your profile, Case, and the rest of our shopping list. Have you ever worked with the dead?"

"No." He studied his reflection in her lenses. "I could, I guess. I'm good at everything I do." The present tense made him nervous.

"You know the Dixie Flatline's dead?"

He nodded. "Of course I have.

"You'll be working with his design." She laughed. "Taught you the trade, hm? Him and Quine. By the way, I know Quine. Real asshole."

"Someone saved McCoy Pauley? Who?" Now Case sat up and rested his elbows on the table. "It doesn't make sense to me. He would never have done that."

"Sense/Net," she said with a smirk. "They probably paid him well, bet you."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Is Quine also dead?" "He had no such luck. He's sitting in Europe. Has nothing to do with it." "Well, if we get the flatline, we're out of the woods. He was the best. You know he was three times clinically dead?" She nodded. "Flatline on EEG. Man, I was too-ot." "Look, Case, I've been trying to find out who's behind Armitage since I started working for him. But it doesn't seem to be a Zaibatsu, or a government, or a Yakuza subsidiary. Armitage gets his orders. For example, someone tells him to go to Chiba and take down a pill-popper who's holed up in the last zones of the burn-out area, and acquire a program for the operation that will restore him. For what the market would've paid for that surgical program, we could've bought twenty world-class cowboys." "You were good, but not that good..." She scratched her nose. "Apparently it makes sense to someone. Someone big." "I'm not trying to intrude." She grinned. "We're going to pull off a heavy one to get the flatline construction. Sense/Net keeps them locked up in an archive in the suburbs. Real tight, Case. Well, Sense/Net also stores all new material from last fall there. If we steal it, we'll be rich as croes. But no, we're only supposed to get the flatline, nothing more. Strange." "Yeah, everything's pretty strange. You're strange, this hole is strange, and who's that little strange rat in the hallway?" "Finne's an old connection of mine. A dealer. Mostly software. This hobby's a side job. But I convinced Armitage to take him on as our tech here. So if he shows up later, you've never seen him, got it?" "How did Armitage prepare you?" "I'm an easy target." She smiled. "When someone's worth something, that counts, right? You've got a plug, I've got a fight. " He stared at her. "Come on, what do you know about Armitage?" "First off, no Armitage was involved in Screaming Fist. I checked. But that doesn't mean much. He has no resemblance to the photos of the kids who got away." She shrugged. "Big deal. That's all I know." She tapped her nails on the table. "You're a cowboy, right? Maybe you could take a look around." She smiled again. "He'd kill me." "Maybe... maybe not. I think he needs you, Case, badly. Plus, you're a bright guy, right?" "What else is on that list you've been talking about?" "Toys. Most of them for you. And a proven psychopath named Peter Riviera. Really unpleasant character." "Where is he?" "I don't know. The guy's totally off the wall, no bullshit. I saw his profile." She made a face. "Frightening." She stood up and stretched like a cat. "So we've got an axis, huh? We're in the same boat? Partners?" Case looked at her. "Because not much else is left for me, right?" She laughed. "You got it, cowboy."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He pulled the black silk sleeping sack over Molly's head. The security package, taped to the fire-resistant steel door, beeped twice. "Access granted," it said. "One person authorized."  "Then open up!" Case removed the silk from his face and sat up as the door opened. He expected Molly or Armitage.

"Goddamn," a hoarse voice said. "I know that bitch can see in the dark..." A stocky figure entered, closing the door behind him.  "Turn on the light!" Case roused himself and located the ancient switch.  "I'm Finn," the Finn said, eyeing Case menacingly.  "Case."  "Nice to meet you, really. Looks like I'm doing a little hardware for your boss." The Finn pulled out a packet of Paragas from his pocket and lit one up. The pungent smell of Cuban tobacco filled the room. He walked over to the worktable and glanced at the Ono-Sendai.  "Apparently a prototype. We've got the same here, friend. Here's the problem." He pulled a crumpled Manila envelope from an inner pocket, sprinkled ashes on the floor, and removed a nondescript black rectangle from it.  "Goddamn factory models," he said, throwing it onto the table. "Pour them into polycarbonate, you can't get in with a laser unless you burn the device. It's secure against X-rays, ultrasound, God knows what else. But we're getting in, even if the ungodly aren't allowed any rest, right?" He folded the envelope carefully and stowed it away in his inner pocket.

"What is it?"  "A flipflop circuit, in principle. Wired to your Sendai, it allows you access to stim, live or recorded, without having to decouple from the matrix."  "Why would I want that?"  "No idea. I just know I'm fitting Molly with a transmitter. It's probably her sensorium, which you should have access to." The Finn scratched his chin.  "So you'll soon find out how tight her pants really are, won't you?"

Case sat in the storage room, electrodes attached to his forehead, watching dust motes dance in the sunlight that filtered through a grating in the ceiling. In one corner of the monitor screen was a countdown timer.  "Cowboys don't do stim," he thought, because it's essentially a flesh game. He knew that the implanted electrodes and the small plastic stun-band that hung from a stim deck were basically the same thing, and the kyberspace matrix was a significant simplification of human sensory input at least in terms of representation; but stim seemed to him an imposed multiplication of physical inputs. The commercial stuff was obviously edited, so you wouldn't feel anything if Tally Isham got a headache in the middle of it.

The monitor beeped a two-second warning.  The new switch was connected to his Sendai through a narrow strip of glass fiber optics.  

And one and two and... Kyberspace emerged, coalescing from all four directions.  "Soft," he thought, but not soft enough. Needs another polish... Then he activated the new circuit. Abrupt transition into another flesh. Matrix gone, a wave of noise and colors... He passed through a bustling street, past stalls where software was hawked.  Ballpoint numbers on plastic price tags. Music snippets from countless speakers. A smell of urine, free monomers, perfume, krill paste. For several tense seconds he struggled helplessly for control over her body. Then he yielded and became a passive passenger behind her eyes.

The glasses apparently didn't block out sunlight. He wondered if the built-in image amplifiers automatically compensated. Blue figures in the lower left field of vision blinked to indicate time.  "Ready," he thought. Her body language was confusing, her style disconcerting. She seemed to bump into people constantly, who would then move away, step aside, make room for her.

"How's it going, Case?" He heard the syllables and felt how she formed them. She shoved a hand into her jacket and let her fingertips trail across his nipple under the warm silk.  He held his breath at the sensation. She laughed. But the connection was one-sided. He had no way to respond.

After two blocks, she entered Memory Lane. Case tried repeatedly to focus her eyes on distinctive landmarks that he could use for orientation. Passivity was beginning to bother him.

The transition into kyberspace occurred instantly when he pressed the switch.  He pounded through a wall of primitive ice in New York's city library, automatically counting possible windows. Switched over to his sensory input, into the sine wave of his muscles, the sharp, clear sine waves... He caught himself appraising his mind, with which he shared these impressions. What did he know about her? That she was also a professional and that because she was, she made her living as she said, from selling software.  He knew how she moved against him when she woke up earlier, how they had groaned together as he entered her, and that she preferred her coffee black afterwards... Her target was one of the dubious software rental places lining Memory Lane. The building was deathly silent. Stalls lined the entrance hall. The clientele was young, most under twenty.  They all had implanted carbon contacts behind their left ears, though Molly paid them no mind.  At each counter were hundreds of microcomputer-software plates displayed on colorful silicone splinters, sealed and mounted on white cardboard strips. Molly approached the seventh stall along the south wall. Behind the counter stood a baldheaded boy with holes in his eyes. A dozen microsoft plates jutted from the contact behind his ear.

"Hey, Larry," she said. He focused his eyes, sat up, and pulled out a red-stained fingernail from the contact.  "Hey, Larry."

"Molly." He nodded.  "I've got a job for your friends, Larry." Larry took a flat plastic case from his red sports shirt pocket, opened it, and placed the microsoft among a dozen others. His hand paused; he chose a black-glazed chip longer than the rest and skillfully inserted it into his head. His pupils constricted.

"Molly's got a rider," he said, "and Larry doesn't like it."  "Well," she said, "I didn't know you were so... sensitive. I'm surprised. It costs a lot to be that sensitive."  "Do you know me?" The empty look returned.  "Looking for software?"

"Looking for modems."  "You've got a rider, Molly. That's what she said." He gestured to the black plate.  "Someone's using your eyes."  "My partner," she said.  "Tell him to hold back."  "I have something for Panther Modems, Larry."

"What do you mean?" he asked.  "Case, get out!" She said it, and Case pressed the switch, returning instantly to the matrix.  Afterimages of the software rental place flickered through the silent kyberspace for several seconds.

"Panther Modems," Case told Hosaka, pulling off the electrodes.  "Five-minute review."  "Done," the computer said.  The term was new to Case; it had emerged during his time in Chiba. Modems rolled over the youth of the sprawl at light speed.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Подкультуры могли появиться за ночь и процветать несколько недель, прежде чем внезапно исчезнуть с лица земли. — «Поехали!» — сказал он. Хосака просмотрел свой список библиотек, архивов газет и агентств новостей. Общий обзор начался с длинного цветного статичного изображения, которое сначала казалось Кейсу коллажем, портретом мальчика, вырезанным из фотографии и приклеенным к изображению зашифрованной стены. Темные глаза с монголинскими складками, очевидно, сделанные хирургически, яркая акне на бледных узких щеках. Хосака оставил изображение в покое; мальчик двигался, с грацией мимика, воплощающего джунглевого хищника. Его тело было почти невидимо; абстрактный рисунок, соответствующий зашифрованной кирпичной стене, скользил по его тесному однотонному костюму. Мимическое поликарбонатное стекло. Перескок к доктору Вирджинии Рамали, социологу из Нью-Йоркского университета. Имя, факультет и школа, представленные в алфавитном порядке, текли по экрану розовым цветом. — Учитывая их склонность к произвольным актам сюрреалистического насилия, — сказал кто-то, — зрителям может быть трудно понять, почему вы продолжаете настаивать на том, что это явление не является формой терроризма. — Доктор Рамали улыбнулась. — Важно наблюдать за моментом, когда террорист прекращает манипулировать средствами массовой информации. Момент, когда насилие, возможно, усиливается, но после которого террорист становится симптоматичным для самих средств массовой информации. Терроризм, как мы обычно его понимаем, связан с СМИ по своей природе. Пантеры-модемы отличаются от других террористов своим уровнем самоосознания и осведомленности о том, насколько сильно СМИ отделяют акт терроризма от его первоначального социально-политического намерения... — «Хватит!» — сказал Кейсу. Кейсу встретил своего первого модема через два дня после просмотра обзора Хосаки. Модемы, пришел к выводу Кейсу, были современным воплощением великих ученых его поздних подростковых лет. В сплеене присутствовала какая-то подростковая ДНК, содержащая зашифрованные правила различных, кратковременных субкультур и воспроизводящаяся в произвольные временные промежутки. Пантеры-модемы были глупой вариацией ученых. Если бы у них была возможность, все великие ученые имели бы контакты с Микрософтом, наполненным их знаниями. Стиль был важен, а стиль был одинаковым. Модемы были арендованными, шутливыми, нигилистическими технофетишистами. Человек, появившийся у двери хранилища с картонной коробкой дисков, был шепчущим мальчиком по имени Анджело. Его лицо, выполненное из коллажей и полимера-полисахаридов, было мягким и коварным, и это было одним из самых отвратительных образцов пластической хирургии, которые когда-либо видел Кейсу. Когда Анджело улыбнулся и показал острые зубы какого-то животного, Кейсу стало по-настоящему легче. Трансплантация зубов. Он уже видел это раньше. — Не позволяй себе из-за этих маленьких вещей забывать о своей миссии, — сказала Молли. Кейсу кивнул, погруженный в сенс/нет. Это было всё. Это было то, чем он был, во всем и во всем. Он забыл поесть. Молли оставила на углу длинного стола сумки с рисом и контейнеры с суши. Иногда ему было противно ходить в химическую туалетную комнату, которую они установили в одном из углов хранилища. Постоянно на экране появлялись новые ледяные мосты, когда он искал пробелы, избегая самых очевидных ловушек и прокладывая маршрут через лед сенс/нет, который он хотел пройти. Это было лучшее лёд. Отличное лёд. Его узоры светились перед ним, когда он лежал на матрасе, опираясь на плечи Молли, и рассматривал рассвет через решетку стальной решетки крыши. Его радуга из пикселей была первой, что привлекло его внимание. Без одежды он сразу же поднялся на палубу и включил свет. Он пробился. Он копался. Он потерял всякое чувство времени. И иногда, особенно когда Молли с ее нанятой группой модемов отправлялась в исследовательские походы, во время сна у него снова появлялись образы Чибы. Лица и неоновые огни Нинсэй. Однажды он проснулся от странного сна о Линде Ли, и ему больше не вспомнилось, кто она была или что она для него значила. Когда это пришло в память, он включил свет и поработал девять часов подряд. Лед сенс/нет был пробит всего за девять дней. — Я сказал «неделя», — сказал Армитидж, не скрывая своего удовлетворения, когда Кейсу показал ему свой план. — Ты затянул. — «Пи-си», — сказал Кейсу и улыбнулся на экран. — Хорошая работа, Армитидж. — «Да», — признал Армитидж, — но по сравнению с тем, что тебя ждет дальше, это как видеоигра. — Люби свою кошачью мать, — прошептал связист пантеров-модемов. Его модулированный голос шумел статически в наушниках Кейсу. — Атланта, Brood. Похоже, начинается. Понял? — Голос Молли был немного чище. — Твой приказ — закон. Модемы использовали параболическую антенну в Нью-Джерси для передачи искаженного сигнала связиста через спутник братьев Христа на орбите над Манхэттеном. Они считали всю операцию дорогостоящим, частным шопингом, и выбор спутников, возможно, был преднамеренным. Сигналы Молли передавались с помощью 1-метровой параболической антенны, нанесенной эпоксидным клеем на крышу черного стеклянного небоскреба почти такого же размера, как здание сенс/нет. — Атланта. Код идентификации был простым. От Атланты до Бостона, Чикаго и Денвера по пять минут на город. Если кому-то удастся перехватить сигнал Молли, расшифровать его и преобразовать в речь, код раскроет модемам. Если Молли останется в здании более двадцати минут, очень маловероятно, что она когда-либо снова выйдет оттуда. Кейсу выпил остаток кофе, надел электроды и потирал черную футболку на груди. У него было лишь общее представление о том, что планируют сделать пантеры-модемы для отвлечения внимания от персонала сенс/нет. Его задача заключалась в том, чтобы обеспечить подключение его написанной им программы вторжения к системам сенс/нет, если Молли в этом будет нужда. Он следил за отсчетом времени в углу экрана. Два. Один. Он включился и запустил свою программу. — На полную мощность! — прошептал связист. Его голос дрожал от напряжения.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он был единственным звуком, когда Кейс погрузился в мерцающий лед Сенс/Нет. Хорошо. Проверить Молли. Он нажал на симстим и переключился в её сенсорное пространство. Зазорник немного затуманил входящие сигналы изображения. Она стояла перед зеркальной стеной, украшенной золотыми пятнами, в огромном белом фойе здания, жевала жвачку и, казалось, восхищалась своим отражением. За исключением большого солнцезащитного очки, которое скрывало её встроенные зеркальные объективы, ей удалось довольно хорошо выглядеть незаметно, как будто она была всего лишь туристкой, надеющейся увидеть Талию Ишам. Она носила розовый пластиковый плащ, белую сетчатую блузку и широкие белые брюки, которые были в моде в Токио в прошлом году. Она беззастенчиво улыбалась и щелкнула жвачкой. Он почувствовал на её грудной клетке пластырь, а под ним плоские маленькие устройства: передатчик, симстим-модуль и зазорник. На шее прикрепленное микрофон напоминало обезболивающий круглый пластырь. Ее руки в карманах розового плаща систематически выполняли изометрические упражнения. Прошло несколько секунд, прежде чем он понял, что ощущение на пальцах ее рук от кромок лезвий, которые немного выдвигались и затягивались. Он переключился. Его программа достигла пятого тор. Он наблюдал, как ледокол оценивал сигналы перед его глазами и маневрировал, даже не осознавая, как его руки танцуют по палубе и делают незначительные коррективы. Прозрачные слои цвета скользили друг над другом, как в анимации. "Возьми карту", - подумал он. Какую-нибудь. Тор исчез. Он рассмеялся. Лед Сенс/Нет принял ее ввод как рутинный обмен данными от Лос-Анджелеского комплекса консорциума. Он был внутри. За ним запускались вирусные субпрограммы, которые переплетались с структурой торов для перенаправления правильных данных из Лос-Анджелеса по прибытии. 
Он снова переключился. Молли прогулялась вокруг огромного круглого стола в приемной и вошла во второе фойе. "0:01:20" мигало на ее сетчатке. К полуночи, синхронизированный с чипом за глазом Молли, агент "Пантера" передал ей "полную мощь". Девять "мордеров", распределенных по всему Спралу на расстоянии более 200 миль, одновременно отправили экстренный звонок по монетным телефонам. Каждый из них давал краткое сообщение, затем отключался и исчезал в ночи, сбрасывая перчатки хирурга. Девять различных полицейских участков и органов безопасности получили информацию о том, что неизвестное членство фундаменталистской христианской группы только что ввело критическую дозу запрещенного психоактивного вещества под названием "Синий Девять" в систему вентиляции пирамиды Сенс/Нет. Оказалось, что "Синий Девять", известный в Калифорнии как "Скорбный ангел", вызывает у 85% экспериментальных особей острую паранойю и мучительную импульсивность к убийству.
Кейс переключился, когда его программа пробивалась через торы подсистемы, отвечающей за безопасность исследовательского архива Сенс/Нет. Он оказался в лифте. 
"Извините, вы из персонала?" - охранник приподнял брови. Молли щелкнула жвачкой. "Нет", - сказала она и ударила двумя пальцами первого сустава своей правой ноги по солнечному сплетению мужчины. Когда он согнулся и потянулся к пульту вызова на своем ремне, она ударила его головой в сторону стены лифта. 
С некоторой нервозностью жевая, она нажала кнопки "Закрыть" и "Стоп" на освещенной панели. Она вынула черную коробку из кармана плаща и вставила контакт в отверстие замка, обеспечивающее работу панели управления. 
Модемы "Пантеры" выделили четыре минуты для своего первого хода и затем ввели тщательно рассчитанную вторую дозу дезинформации. На этот раз они напрямую внедрили ее в внутреннюю систему видео Сенс/Нет. 
В 0:04:03 каждый экран в здании на восемьнадцать секунд мигал с частотой, вызывающей внезапные головокружения у соответствующих сотрудников Сенс/Нет. Затем на экране появилось только слегка похожее на человека лицо; движения его скелетной структуры напоминали отвратительную проекцию Меркатора. 
Нежные, синие губы расстегнулись, когда искаженные, заостренные челюсти начали двигаться. Что-то похожее на руку, напоминающее пучок зловонных корней, дрожащим образом ткнулось в камеру, затем размылось и исчезло. 
С быстрыми, скользящими взглядами он оценивал уровень заражения питьевой воды в здании, руки в перчатках, работающие с лазерными приборами, странное падение в темноту... Звук соответствовал замедленной до почти двойной скорости воспроизведения старому репортажу о военных возможностях вещества под названием "ХсГ", биохимического вещества, контролирующего рост человеческих костей. 
В 0:05:00 в зеркальном нексусе консорциума Сенс/Нет находилось около трех тысяч сотрудников. Через пять минут после полуночи, когда сообщение модемов закончилось белым изображением, пирамида Сенс/Нет закричала. 
Полдюжины тактических летательных аппаратов полиции Нью-Йорка, предупрежденных о возможном наличии "Синего Девятого" в системе вентиляции здания, направились к пирамиде Сенс/Нет. Вертолет БАМА взлетел с места на Рикере. 
Кейс запустил свою вторую программу; тщательно разработанный вирус атаковал кодовую субстанцию, защищающую основную систему безопасности для нижнего уровня, где хранились исследовательские материалы Сенс/Нет. 
"Бостон", - прозвучал голос Молли по связи. 
"Я внизу". 
Кейс переключился и увидел пустую стену лифта. Она расстегнула застежки своих белых брюк. На том же цвете, что и ее бледные лодыжки, было приклеено странное упаковочное вещество. Она присела и сняла клей. Когда она развернула модный наряд, он засиял бордовым цветом на имитирующем поликарбонате. 
Она сняла розовый плащ, бросила его рядом с белыми брюками на пол и начала надевать на себя наряд поверх сетчатой блузки. 0:06:26.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The virus from Case had carved a window into the control ice of the archive. Case hacked through and found himself in an endless, blue room, dotted with colour-coded spheres suspended on a tight grid of bright blue neon. In non-space of the matrix, the interior of any data structure possessed limitless subjective dimensions; a computer game for children, coupled with Case's sendi, could have conjured bottomless chasms of nothingness with just a few basic commands. Case began typing in the sequence that Finn had bought from a middleman with a heavy drug problem. Already he glided through the spheres as if on unseen rails. Here! There! The cold, blue neon vault above him was star-less and smooth as milk glass as he hacked his way through a sphere and started a subprogram that triggered certain changes in the core of the security. Now out! Careful retreat, with the virus reassembling the substance of the window. Done! In the Sense/Net foyer, two watchful panther modems crouched behind a low, rectangular plant container and recorded the commotion with a video camera. They wore chameleon dresses. "The tactical combat troops are spraying foam barricades," one said into his neck microphone. "Emergency services are still trying to land their helicopter." Case switched on Simstim. And he was in hellish pain from a broken bone. Molly leaned against the bare, grey wall of a long corridor. Her breathing was shallow and gasping. Case was back in the matrix instantly. A white-glinting pain surge faded in his left thigh. "What's wrong, Brood?" he asked the connection man. "Don't know, Cutter. Mother isn't responding. Bad!" The Case program cycled. A hair-thin strand of neon, a vivid red, stretched from the centre of the restored window to the shifting outlines of his icebreaker. He had no time to wait. Taking a deep breath, he switched again. Molly took a step and tried to brace her weight against the corridor wall. Case groaned in his data space. Her second step carried her over an outstretched arm. Uniform sleeves, splattered with fresh blood. A chilling impression of a broken fibre-glass shock knuckle. Her field of vision seemed narrowed down to a tunnel. On her third step, Case cried out and found himself back in the matrix. "Brood? Boston, baby..." Her voice was distorted with pain. She coughed. "Little problem with the hips. Think one of them broke my leg." "What do you need, cat-mother?" The connection man's voice came through, weak, overlaid with static noise. Case forced himself to switch. She leaned against the wall and shifted her entire weight onto her right leg. She rummaged in her kangaroo pouch and pulled out a plastic sheet on which a colourful row of dermadisks were stuck. She selected three and pressed them firmly against her left wrist over the veins. 6,000 micrograms of an endorphin substance hit the pain like a hammer and smashed it. Her back jerked with spasms. Warm waves pulsed through her thighs. She sighed and relaxed slowly. "Okay, Brood. Okay now. But I need a doctor when I get out. Tell my people! Cutter, I'm two minutes from the target. Can you hold on?" "Tell her I'm here and staying," Case said. Molly began hobbling down the corridor. When she glanced back, Case saw three Sense/Net security men sprawled on the floor. One of them seemed to have no eyes. "Combat troops and emergency services have sealed off the ground floor, cat-mother. Foam barricades. It's getting slippery in the foyer." "Down here too," she said and pushed through a grey steel door. "Almost there, Cutter." Case switched back to the matrix and removed the electrodes from his forehead. He was drenched with sweat. He wiped his brow with a towel, took a quick sip of water from a bike bottle next to the Hosaka, and checked the archive plan on the monitor. A red-blinking cursor moved along the outline of a door. Just millimetres from the green dot marking the location of the Dixie Flatline construction. He wondered what had happened to her leg if she kept going like that. With enough endorphin, she could walk on bloody stumps. He tightened the nylon straps holding him in the chair and put the electrodes back on. Routine: Electrodes, plug in, turn on. The Sense/Net research archive was a dead storage room; the stored material had to be manually moved before it could be interfaced. Molly hobbled past rows of identical grey lockers. "Tell her five more then ten left, Brood," Case said. "Five more then ten left, cat-mother," the connection man repeated. She turned left. A pale librarian crouched between two lockers, cheeks damp, eyes staring. Molly ignored her. Case wondered what the modems had done to cause such terror. He knew it was something to do with a false disaster report but he was too busy with his ice to follow Molly's actions. "That's it," Case said, but she had already stopped in front of the locker containing the construction. The shape of the shelves reminded Case of the neo-Aztec bookcases in Julie Deanes study in Chiba. "Come on, Cutter!" Molly urged. Case switched to cyberspace and sent a command through the neon red thread penetrating the archive ice. Five independent alarm systems were convinced they were still operational. The three on spring locks opened but considered themselves still closed. The central bank of the archive had to make a small change in its permanent memory: the construction had been removed at the request of management one month ago. If a librarian checked whether the procedure was legal, he would find that the records had been deleted. The door opened silently. "0467839," Case said, and Molly pulled out a black package from the locker. It resembled a magazine.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
schweren Sturmgewehrs und war mit allerlei Warn hinweisen und Geheimhaltungsbezeichnungen beklebt. Molly schloss das Fach. Case schaltete um. Er holte den Faden im Archiv-Eis ein. Er schnellte ins Programm zurück, was automatisch einen Rücklauf im ganzen System auslöste. Die Sense/Net-Tore schwirrten an ihm vorbei, als er sich zurückzog, und Subprogramme wirbelten zum Kernstück seines Eisbrechers, als er die Stationen der Tore passierte. "Raus, Brood!", sagte er und sank auf seinen Stuhl zu rück. Nach der Konzentration eines handfesten Laufs konnte er eingesteckt und sich dennoch seines Körpers bewusst bleiben. Sense/Net würde wohl Tage brauchen, um den Diebstahl der Konstruktion zu entdecken. Der Schlüssel dazu wäre der abgelenkte Transfer von Los Angeles, der zu eindeutig mit dem Terroranschlag der Modems zusammenfiel. Case bezweifelte, dass die drei Wachmänner, die Molly im Korridor über den Weg gelaufen waren, noch leben würden, um aussagen zu können. Er schaltete um. Der Aufzug, an dessen Schalttafel Mollys Blackbox klebte, stand noch da, wie sie ihn zurückgelassen hatte. Der Wachmann lag nach wie vor zusammengekrümmt auf dem Boden. Case bemerkte das Derm an seinem Hals erst jetzt. Mollys Werk, um ihn unten zu halten. Sie trat über ihn hinweg und entfernte die Blackbox, woraufhin sie FOYER drückte. Als die Aufzugtür zischend aufging, taumelte eine Frau rückwärts aus dem Menschengewühl in die Kabine und schlug mit dem Kopf gegen die Rückwand. Molly ignorierte sie, bückte sich und zog das Derm vom Hals des Wachmanns ab. Dann beförderte sie mit einem Fußtritt die weiße Hose und den pinken Regenmantel zur Aufzugtür hinaus, warf die Sonnenbrille hinterher und zog sich die Kapuze ihres Anzugs in die Stirn. Die Konstruktion in der Känguruh-Tasche ihres Anzugs drückte bei jeder Bewegung gegen das Brustbein. Sie trat hin aus. Case hatte schon Panik erlebt, aber noch nie in einem geschlossenen Raum.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Version of Cheap Hotel, where each coffin measured forty meters. Case met Molly as she emerged from one of them, bearing the elaborately crafted logo of a certain GERALD CHIN, DENTIST. She hob. "He says if I hit something, it falls off." "I ran into one of your pals," he said, "a modern." "Oh yeah? Who?" "Lupus Yonderboy. He had a message." He handed her a paper napkin, on which in his neat, swirly handwriting with red felt pen was written WIN TERMUTE. "He said..." But she signaled him to be quiet with her hand. "Let's go eat crabs," she said.

After lunch in Baltimore - Molly had dismembered her crab with alarming ease - they took the subway to New York. Case had learned not to ask questions; all that was left for them were silent signals for him to stop talking. Her leg seemed to be bothering her, and she didn't talk much. A slender, small black girl with tightly woven wooden beads in her hair and antique resistances wore a door to the Finn's apartment, leading them through a corridor stuffed with junk. Case got the impression that things had somehow grown since then. At least, it seemed to him as if they were changing imperceptibly, influenced by the pressure of time, as invisible, silent flakes of dust drifted and formed a mulch layer, a crystalline precipitation of obsolete technology hidden among the garbage dumps of sprawl.

Behind the Army blanket, the Finn waited at a white table. After a moment, Molly took a piece of paper, scribbled something on it, and handed it to the Finn. He held it between his thumb and forefinger as if it could explode. He made a gesture that Case didn't understand and which seemed to be a mix of impatience and dark resignation. He stood up, brushed crumbs off the worn tweed jacket front, and placed a screw-top jar of salt herring next to an opened packet of crackers and an ashtray overflowing with Partagas cigarettes on the table.

"A moment," said the Finn and disappeared from the room. Molly sat in his place, extended her finger's knife, and skewered a gray piece of herring. Case paced around the room, running his fingers along the scanning apparatus at the columns. Ten minutes later, the Finn returned, grinning and showing off his yellow teeth. He nodded, gave Molly a thumbs-up sign, and signaled to Case to help him with the door. While Case pressed the Velcro strip, the Finn took out a small, flat console from his pocket and typed in a complicated sequence.

"Honey," he said to Molly, tucking the console away, "here's something. No cheese, I can smell it. Tell me, where'd you get this?" "Yonderboy," said Molly, pushing away the herring jar and crackers. "I made a deal with Larry." "Smart," said the Finn. "It's an AI."

"In order to Bern," said Case, deliberately placing himself between them. "Wintermute is the recognition code for an AI. I have Turing register numbers." *Artificial Intelligence.** Molly seemed surprised. "But what does that do?"

"If Yonderboy's right," said the Finn, "then this AI is behind Armitage."

"I paid Larry to let Armitage sniff around through the modems a bit," explained Molly to Case. "They have bizarre connections. The deal is that they get my money if they answer one question: Who's behind Armitage?"

"An AI, you think? But they're not supposed to operate autonomously. It'll be the holding company, this Tessier-Ashpool SA..."

"Tessier-Ashpool SA," said the Finn. "And I have a little story about them for you. Want to hear it?" He sat down and leaned forward.

"The Finn loves stories," said Molly.

"But I haven't told this one yet," began the Finn. The story/he told Molly and Case started with a tale of another he called Smith.

Smith was also a fence, but in quieter times he worked as an art dealer. He was the first the Finn knew who had gone "silicon." The microsofts he bought were artistic programs and lists from gallery sales. With half a dozen chips in his new contact, Smith had excellent knowledge of the art scene, at least according to his peers' standards.

One day, Smith approached the Finn for help - "colleague assistance," as he put it. He wanted information about the Tessier-Ashpool clan. However, he stressed, the research must be conducted in such a way that no conclusions could be drawn about the original researcher. That was doable, said the Finn, but some explanation was due.

"It smelled," said the Finn to Case, "it smelled of money. And Smith was very careful. Almost overly so." It turned out Smith had a supplier named Jimmy. This Jimmy, among other things, was a burglar who had just returned from a one-year stay in orbit and brought down goods through the gravity shaft.

The most interesting item Jimmy managed to acquire on his rampage among the islands was a head - an elaborately crafted bust of cloisonné on platinum with pearls.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Und der Lapislazuli-Besatz. Смит legte seufzend sein Mikroskop weg und riet Jimmy, die Sache zu schmelzen. Es sei eine moderne Arbeit, keine Antiquität und habe keinen Sammlerwert. Jimmy lachte. Das Ding sei ein Computerterminal, sagte er. Es könne sprechen. Aber nicht mit synthetischer Stimme, sondern einem bildhübschen Werk aus Miniaturrohren. Ein ganz und gar nicht alltägliches Stück, wenn man bedenke, dass Chips für die synthetische Sprachausgabe spottbillig zu kaufen seien. Ein Unding also, ein Kuriosum. Smith steckte den Kopf in seinen Computer und lauschte, wie die melodische Automatenstimme die Beträge der Steuererstattungen des letzten Jahres flötete. Zu Smiths Kundenstamm gehörte ein Milliardär aus Tokio, dessen Leidenschaft für mechanisches Spielzeug an Fetischismus grenzte. Smith zuckte mit den Schultern und zeigte Jimmy seine nach oben gerichteten Handflächen – eine Geste so alt wie das Pfandleihegewerbe. Er könne es versuchen, sagte er, werde aber sicher nicht viel dafür herausholen. Nachdem Jimmy gegangen war, inspizierte Smith den zurückgelassenen Kopf und entdeckte verschiedene Prüfsiegel. Schließlich konnte er herausfinden, dass die Sache in einer ungewöhnlichen Zusammenarbeit zweier Kunsthandwerker aus Zürich, eines Spezialmeisters aus Paris, eines holländischen Juweliers und eines kalifornischen Chip-Designers entstanden war; auf Bestellung der Tessier-Ashpool SA, wie sich herausstellte. Smith gab dem Sammler in Tokio erste Hinweise darauf, dass er etwas Außergewöhnliches vor sich hatte. Und dann bekam er unerwarteten Besuch, der durch sein ausgeklügeltes Sicherheitssystem marschierte, als wäre es gar nicht vorhanden. Ein kleiner Mann, Japaner, unheimlich höflich, der alle Merkmale eines laborerzeugten Ninja-Killers aufwies. Smith saß ganz still und blickte über den polierten Tisch aus vietnamesischem Rosenholz hinweg in die ruhigen, braunen Augen des Todesengels.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он не мог представить себе плоскую линию как конструкцию, как запрограммированную ROM-кассету*, которая воспроизводила способности умершего, его страдания, рефлексы коленных сухожилий... Метро мчалось по чёрному индукционному рельсу, песок просачивался из трещин в бетонном покрытии туннеля. Кейс сел в следующий вагон и наблюдал за другими пассажирами во время поездки. Два христианина науки агрессивно бросились на женскую тройку технических работников, каждая из которых носила на запястье стилизованный голографический вагинал, влажно блестящий розовый цвет в ярком свете, с сетками, антеннами, доками и куполами. Технические работницы ласкали свои идеальные губы и смотрели на ученых под опущенными металлическими веками. Девушки выглядели как большие экзотические травоядные; грациозно качаясь, они неосознанно следовали за движением поезда, а высокие каблуки на их сером металлическом полу блестели, как полированные копыта. Прежде чем они смогли скрыться в безумной бегстве от миссионеров, метро достигло станции Кейса. Он вышел и заметил белую голограмму сигары на стене станции метро. ФРИЕСАЙД стояла в пульсирующих, искажённых буквах, напоминающих японский текст. Он пробирался через толпу, вставал под ней и рассматривал этот предмет. ЗАЧЕМ ОЖИДАТЬ? - мерцало сообщение. Ступенька, покрытая сеткой и окруженная антеннами, доками, куполами. Он уже тысячу раз видел подобные или похожие объявления. Но ему никогда не нравились. С помощью своего дека он мог бы так же легко получить доступ к банкам Фриесайда, как и к банкам Атланты. Путешествия были для плоти. Только теперь он заметил маленькую надпись размером с монету в нижнем левом углу светящегося объявления: Т-А. Он вернулся в помещение памяти, потерявшись в воспоминаниях о плоской линии. В девятнадцатый раз он провёл лето в "Гентлмен Лоссер", где пил дорогие пива и наблюдал за ковбоями. Тогда он ещё не имел никакого опыта с деком, но чувствовал непреодолимое желание получить его. По крайней мере, двадцать других юных парней летали в том же летнем сезоне в "Лоссер" и жаждали помочь ковбою. Только так можно научиться. Каждый уже слышал о Паули, дерзком жокее из Атланты, который пережил три мозговые смерти под чёрным льдом. Слухи - только одна незаметная информация пробивалась через каналы улицы - о Паули говорили не много больше, чем то, что он совершил невозможное. "Великое дело", - сказал Кейс другому желающему выпить пива, - "но кто знает, что за этим стоит? Я слышал о бразильской зарплате. В любом случае, этот человек был плоским, мозговой мертвец, нулевой ЭЭГ". Кейс смотрел на низкорослого, безрукого мужчину с кожей, имеющей сероватый оттенок. "Парень", - сказал ему через несколько месяцев в Майами плоская линия, - "я как эти чертовские гигантские ящерицы, знаешь? У нас были два мозга, один в голове, другой в анусе, чтобы двигать задние ноги. Я попал в это чёрное вещество, и старый мозг в анусе продолжал работать просто так". Элитная ковбоиская толпа в "Лоссере" исключила Паули из-за какой-то коллективной страха, но он был астрологом. Макой Паули, Лазарь киберпространства... В конце концов, его сердце дало сигнал. Его заменное русское сердце, имплантированное во время войны в лагере для военнопленных. Он не хотел менять его, потому что ему нужна была его специфическая аритмия, как он сказал, чтобы сохранить чувство времени. Кейс потрогал листок бумаги, который дала ему Молли, и поднялся по лестнице наверх. Молли спала на матраце из темпершаума. Транспарентный гипсовый бинт простирался от колена почти непосредственно до бедра. Кожа под жёстким пластырем была покрыта шрамами, которые переходили от чёрного к отвратительному желтому цвету. Восемь дермов разных размеров и цветов выстраивались в аккуратную линию на её левом запястье. Рядом с ней лежала акайская трансдермальная единица; тонкие красные провода были соединены с электродами под гипсом. Он включил регулируемый рабочий светильник рядом с Хосакой. Точечный луч света упал прямо на конструкцию плоской линии. Он положил лед, подключил конструкцию и включил её. Это было точно то же самое чувство, как если бы кто-то посмотрел ему через плечо. Он кашлянул. "Дикс? Макой? Ты это, парень?" Его горло было сжато. "Эй, чувак", - сказал безразличный голос. "Здесь Кейс, помнишь, парень?" "Майами, подмастерье, способное к обучению". "Что последнее ты помнишь до того, как я с тобой говорил, Дикс?" "Ничего". "Подожди!" Он прервал контакт. Призрак исчез. Он восстановил соединение. "Дикс? Кто я такой?" "Ты меня повесил, друг. Кто же ты, черт возьми?" "Кейс. Твой приятель. Партнёр. Что случилось, чувак?" "Хороший вопрос". "Помнишь, что ты был здесь несколько секунд назад?" "Нет". "Знаешь, как работает матрица личности ROM?" "Конечно, чувак. Это конструкция фирмвере. " "Так что, если я подключу её к памяти, которую я использую, могу ли я дать ей последовательную, настоящую память времени?" "Думаю, да", - ответила конструкция. "Хорошо, Дикс. Ты - ROM-конструкция. Понял?" "Если ты так говоришь", - ответила конструкция. "Кто ты такой?" "Кейс". "Майами, подмастерье, способное к обучению". "Правильно. И для начала, Дикс, мы полетим в Лондон и получим несколько данных. Ты с нами?" "Ты не скажешь, у меня есть выбор?" "Найди себе рай", - посоветовала плоская линия после того, как Кейс объяснил ситуацию. "Проверь Копенгаген, граница университета". Голос называл координаты, пока он стучал по клавишам.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
They found their paradise, a "pirate's paradise" tucked away at the convoluted edge of a relatively unsecured academic grid. At first glance it resembled the graffiti that computer students sometimes leave at the intersections of grid lines: blurred glyphs of colored light glistening before the chaotic twists of a dozen art faculties. "There," said the flatline, "the blue one. You see? That's an entry code for Bell Europa. Still fresh. Bell will be in soon and read the whole damn plan and change found codes. The new ones will be stolen by the boys tomorrow." Case tapped his way into Bell Europa and switched to a normal phone line. With Flatline's help, he made contact with London's data base, which Molly allegedly owned to Armitage. "Here," said the voice, "I'll do it for you." The flatline spewed out a series of numbers that Case entered on his deck, making sure to consider the pauses the flatline used to mark timing. It took three attempts. "Big deal," said the flatline. "No ice." "Get the goods!" ordered Case to Hosaka. "Find the personal past of the owner!" The neuro-electronic scribbles of paradise vanished, replaced by a simple white light. "Contains mostly video recordings of military tribunals after the war," said Hosaka's distant voice. "Key figure is a certain Colonel Willis Corto." "Show it!" said Case. A man's face filled the screen. It was Armitage's eyes. 108

Two hours later, Case lay next to Molly on the mattress, wrapped in foam. "What did you find?" she asked, disoriented from sleep and medication. "Tell me later," he replied. "I'm beat." He had a hangover and was confused. With his eyes closed, he tried piecing together the various parts of a story about a certain Corto. Hosaka had sifted through the sparse data and put together an overview that, however, contained numerous gaps. The material included printouts from some publications that Hosaka quickly - too quickly - scrolled across the screen, so Case had to ask the computer to read the text to him. Also among them were audio recordings of the Fist-Screaming negotiation. Willis Corto, a colonel, had penetrated through a blind spot in Russia's defense at Kirensk. The transporters created a hole with impulse bombs and Corto's team was dropped off by Nightwing microlights. The rigid wings buzzed in the moonlight reflecting off the Angara and Podhamennaya rivers - the last light Corto would see for fifteen months. Case tried to imagine the microlights unfolding from their carrier capsules high above the frozen steppe. "You gave us quite a runaround, boss," said Case as Molly rolled around next to him. The microlights were unarmed, discarded to make room for the weight of a console operator, a special deck and a virus program called Mole IX that was the first real virus in the history of cybernetics. Corto and his team had trained for three years for this mission... 109

...when the EMPs went off. The Russian impulse cannons plunged the jockeys into electronic darkness; the Nightwings were finished, their onboard electronics failed. Then lasers opened fire, homing in on infrared the fragile, radar-transparent attack aircraft from the air, and Corto and his dead console operator fell from the Siberian sky. They kept falling... The story had gaps when Case looked at documents regarding a hijacked Russian gunship that could set down in Finland. To be torn apart by an antiquated 20-millimeter cannon manned by a reserve cadre on morning readiness duty, in a pine forest. Screaming Fist ended for Corto on the outskirts of Helsinki, where Finnish medics cut him out of the helicopter's wreckage. The war ended nine days later, and Corto, blind, legless and with almost completely missing jaw - was transferred to a military hospital in Utah. It took the congressional representative nearly eleven months to find him there. He listened to the dripping of drained tubes. In Washington and McLean, the trials had already begun. The Pentagon and CIA were balkanized, partially dismantled, and a congressional committee focused its attention on Screaming Fist. "Ready for Watergate," noted the representative to Corto. "He needs eyes, legs and extensive cosmetic work," said the representative, but that could be arranged. "Plumber's case," added the man and pressed Corto's shoulder through the damp sheet. 110

Corto listened to the quiet, unceasing dripping. He said he wanted to testify as he was. "No," explained the representative, "the negotiations will be broadcast on TV. The trial must appeal to the voter." The representative coughed politely. Restored, re-equipped and thoroughly prepared, Corto then gave testimony. His statements were detailed, compelling, clear - mostly an invention of a congressional clique who had a vested interest in preserving certain parts of Pentagon infrastructure. Corto gradually realized that his statements were used to save the careers of three officials directly responsible for suppressing reports on the construction of the EMP defense at Kirensk. After playing his part in the trials, he was no longer welcome in Washington. In a restaurant on M Street, the representative explained over crepes au sarrasin the great risk one took when talking to the wrong people. Corto rammed his stretched fingers into the throat of the man. Choking, the congressional representative face-planted onto the crepe au sarrasin while Corto walked out of Washington in the cool September air.  Hosaka rumbled through police files, reports on economic espionage and news archives. Case watched as Corto dealt with defector executives in Lisbon and Marrakesh, where he apparently spiraled into a paranoia against scientists and technicians who he freed for his employers. Drunk, he bludgeoned a Russian engineer at a hotel in Singapore and set fire to his room. 111
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Next, he surfaced in Thailand as a supervisor of a heroin factory. Then as a go-between for a Californian gambling syndicate, then as a paid killer in the ruins of Bonn. He robbed a bank in Wichita. The records became vague, unclear, with gaps growing larger. One day, he explained during a recorded interrogation that left him convinced of his sanity, translated French medical reports stated that an unidentified man had been admitted to a Paris nervous clinic and diagnosed schizophrenic. He became catatonic and was transferred to a state mental institution on the outskirts of Toulon. There, he was subjected to an experiment attempting to cure schizophrenia using cybernetic models. A random selection of patients were equipped with microcomputers and encouraged to program them with student help. He was cured, the only success of the entire experiment. Thus ended the records. Case spun around on the foam mattress while Molly muttered under her breath about the disruption. The phone rang. He picked it up. "Yes?" "We're going to Istanbul," said Armitage. "Tonight." "What does he want?" asked Molly. "He says we're going to Istanbul tonight." "Wonderful," Armitage read flight numbers and departure times. Molly sat up and turned on the light. "What about my device?" Case asked. "My deck?" 112

"The Finn will take care of it," said Armitage, and hung up. Case watched her packing. Dark circles under her eyes, but despite the cast leg, it was like a dance. No unnecessary movement. His clothes lay in an untidy heap next to his suitcase. "Any pain?" he asked. "Could stand another night with Chin." "Your dentist?"  "Sure. Very discreet. He has half the building full. Flicks Samurai back together." She zipped her purse closed. "Have you ever been to Istanbul before?" "Once, for a few days." "Always like that," she said. "Bad old city." "Just as it was when we left for Chiba," Molly said, gazing out the train window at the cursed industrial landscape of the moon. Red traffic lights on the horizon warned planes of a nuclear power plant. "We were in Los Angeles. He came in and said pack up, off to Macao. When we got there, I played Fantan at Lisboa while he went to Zhongshan. The next day, I played Ghost with you in Night City." She pulled a silk scarf from her black jacket sleeve and polished her lenses. The sprawl landscape of the north stirred chaotic childhood memories in Case, memories of dry grass in cracks of a crooked piece of street pavement. The train began to slow ten kilometers before the airport. 7 It was raining in Beyoglu, and the rented Mercedes zipped past grating metal security gates, unlit shop windows of Greek and Armenian jewelers. The street was nearly empty; only a few dark-clad figures on the sidewalks stood watching the car pass. "This used to be the wealthy European part of Ottoman Istanbul," murmured the Mercedes.  "So it went downhill," Case said. "The Hilton is on Cumhuriyet Caddesi," Molly said, leaning back into the gray ultravelour of the car. "Why is Armitage flying alone?" Case asked. He had a headache. "Because you're on his nerves. And mine too." He wanted to tell her the Corto story but decided against it. On the plane, he'd put on a sleep-aid.  The road from the airport was straight as a clean cut revealing the city. Case watched as crazy facades of haphazardly constructed wood barracks, apartment buildings, arcologies, empty housing projects, more walls of pressed wood and corrugated metal passed by. 114

The Finn in a new Shinjuku suit in Sarariman black waited glumly in the Hilton lobby, left alone on a velvet chair in the midst of a sea of bright blue carpeting flickering. "Goddamn it," said Molly. "Rat in a business suit." They crossed the lobby. "How much do you get paid to cross over, Finn?" She set her travel bag next to the chair. "Not enough for you to wear that suit, right?" The Finn sniffed. "Not nearly enough." He handed her a magnetic key with a round yellow label. "Already checked in. Boss is upstairs." He looked around. "This city crushes you."  "If you get claustrophobia, they'll get you out," she said. "Just act like it's Brooklyn or something." She wrapped the key around her finger. "Are you here as a butler or what?"  "Supposed to check some guys on implants," said the Finn. "What about my deck?" Case wanted to know. The Finn shrugged. "Stick to the protocol!" Molly made hand signals under her jacket, fleeting gestures. The Finn watched, then nodded. "Yes." She nodded in the direction of the elevator. "Come on, cowboy!"  Case followed her with both bags. Her room could have been the one in Chiba where he'd met Armitage. He looked out the window at dawn and thought he saw Tokyo Bay. On the other side of the street stood another hotel. It was still raining. A few letter carriers had taken shelter in doorways, armed with old, plastic-wrapped typewriters proving that printed words still held some prestige here. It was a sluggish land. He watched a primitive water-converted Citroen limousine spit out five dark-looking Turkish officers in wrinkled green uniforms. They entered the opposite hotel.  Case looked at Molly and noticed her paleness. She'd left her cast and transdermal induction device on her mattress in her room. Her mirror lenses reflected part of the room's lighting fixtures. He had the phone in his hand before it rang again. "Good to see you up," said Armitage.  "Just got out of bed." Molly was still asleep. "Listen, boss, I think it's about time we had a little chat. I work better if I know what I'm doing. 115

Silence on the line. Case bit his lip. "You know everything you need to know. Maybe even more."  "Do you?"  "I think so." Armitage was gone.  "Wake up, baby!" said Case. "Business."  "I've been awake for an hour," Molly said. The lenses swung in his direction. "A certain Terzibashjian is coming to visit us."  "You have a good ear for languages, Case. I bet you're half Armenian. The tail Armitage put on Riviera." Help me up!'" Terzibashjian turned out to be a young man with graying hair.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A suit and mirrored sunglasses with a gold frame. His white shirt was open at the collar, revealing a dark fur pelage so dense that Case initially thought it was some kind of T-shirt. He arrived with a black Hilton tray loaded with three small, delicate porcelain cups brimming with strong black coffee and three sticky, straw-yellow pieces of Oriental candy.

"We have to take it easy, as you say in English," he said, apparently staring at Molly unblinking but eventually removing his mirrored sunglasses. His eyes were dark brown like his military-short hair. He smiled. "Better that way, right? Otherwise the tunnel becomes endless, mirror to mirror... Especially for you," he told her, "you have to be careful. In Turkey, they don't like women so retrofitted."

Molly bit into one of the brittle pastries in half. "It's my show, buddy," she said with a full mouth, chewing, swallowing, and licking her lips. "I know about you. You stole for the military, right?" Her hand lazily slipped into her jacket and emerged with the dart. Case didn't know she had it on her.

She aimed the dart at the man. "Maybe you'll get explosives, a lot of them, or cancer. A single arrow, asshole, you won't feel it for months."

"No trouble," he replied, using the English term.

"I call that a shitty morning," he said. "Now tell us about your man and get your ass out of here!" She put away the dart.

"He lives in Fener, at Füchük Gülhane Djaddesi 14. I know his tunnel route; every evening he takes it to Basar. He's been performing at Yenishehir Palas Oteli, a modern place in tourist style, but they've had some interest from the police regarding these shows. The Yenishehir management is nervous." He smiled. He smelled of metallic aftershave.

"I want to know about the implants," she said, massaging her thigh. "I want to know exactly what he can do."

Terzibashjian nodded. "The worst are subliminals, as you say in English." He pronounced the word carefully in four syllables: "the under-conscious."

"To your left," said the Mercedes as it steered through a tangle of rain-soaked streets, "is Kapali Carsi, the great bazaar."

Beside Case, the Finn made a contented sound but looked in the wrong direction. On the right side of the street was a row of small scrap yards. Case spotted an abandoned locomotive piled among shards of crumbled, rust-stained marble. "Headless statues," he said, "stacked like firewood."

"Homeless?" asked Case.

"The city crushes you," replied the Finn. His black silk tie resembled a used carbon band. On the lapel of his new suit were coffee and egg stains.

"Hey, Sebastian," Case said to the Armenian seated behind them, "where did he get that stuff inserted?"

"In Chiba City," the Finn answered. "He doesn't have a left lung. The other one is stolen, they say." Everyone could buy such implants, but no one had as much talent as him.

The Mercedes swerved to avoid a handcart with balloon tires and a load of hides. "I followed him on the street," Case continued, "and experienced a single day when a dozen wheels rolled past me in his vicinity. If you visit the bike hospital, they always tell you the same story. A scorpion next to the parking brake..."

"You get what you see," commented the Finn. "I saw the boy's silicone schematics. Crazy. What he imagines, you see. He might reduce it to a spark and grill a retina effortlessly."

"Did you tell that to your girlfriend?" Terzibashjian leaned forward between the ultra-velour seats.

The Finn burst out laughing. "She'd tie your balls in a knot if you looked at her funny."

"I don't get it," said Case.

"Just keep your mouth shut," replied Terzibashjian.

The Armenian reclined and left a trail of his metallic shaving water. He began speaking quietly into a Sanyo radio-receiver, using a strange mix of Greek, French, Turkish, and English snippets. The Sanyo responded in French. The Mercedes turned gently around a corner.

"The Spice Bazaar," explained the car, "also known as the Egyptian Bazaar, was built on the site of an earlier bazaar that Sultan Hatice had constructed in 1660. It is the main market for spices, software, perfumes, and drugs...

"Drugs?" said Case, watching the erratic play of light against the bulletproof windshield. "What did you say about this Riviera earlier, Sebastian?"

"A mix of cocaine and meperidine," replied the Finn. The Armenian returned to his conversation with his Sanyo.

"Demerol used to be called that," said the Finn. "He's a speed freak. Weird people, Case."

"No worries," said Case, lifting his jacket collar. "We'll get him a new pancreas or something."

As they entered the bazaar, the Finn seemed visibly happier, as if he felt safe and secure in the dense crowd and narrow alleys. They walked with the Armenian through a broad street under filthy plastic tarps and green-painted cast iron from the steam age. A thousand neon signs flickered.

"Jesus," said the Finn, taking Case's arm, "look at this! A horse!" He pointed. "Have you ever seen one?"

Case looked at the mounted horse and shook his head. It stood on some kind of platform near the entrance to a shop selling birds and monkeys. The horse's legs had become black and hairless from all the handling by passersby over the decades.

"I saw one in Maryland," said the Finn, "and that was three years after the pandemic. There are still Arabs trying to construct horses from DNA, but it doesn't work."

The brown eyes of the horse seemed to follow them as they walked on. Terzibashjian led them into a café in the center of the bazaar, a low room that had been used for centuries. Dried-out knuckles in filthy white jackets huddled through crowded rows of tables and balanced their cups precariously.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
На тарелках из латуни стояли бутылки с турецким "Туборгом" и маленькие чайные чашки. Кейс купил ящик "Йехуйюан" у продавца у входа. Армянин бурчал что-то в своем Саньо. — Идём, — сказал он, — он подходит. Каждую ночь он проезжает через туннель на базар и покупает товары у Али. Твоя подруга рядом. Идём!

Аллея была старой, слишком старой. Стены были из вырубленного темного камня. Каменная мостовая пахла вытекшим бензином, застывшим в древнем известняке. — Ничего не вижу, — шепнул Кейс финну. — Отлично для нашего сокровища, — ответил финн. — Тихо, — сказал Терзибашджан слишком громко, — деревянные доски скрипели на камне или бетоне. На десяти метрах ниже по аллее желтый луч света упал на мокрую мостовую и стал шире. Кто-то вышел из тени, и дверь закричала. В узкой аллее снова стало темно. Кейс дрогнул. — Теперь, — сказал Терзибашджан, и яркий, четко очерченный луч света упал с крыши напротив на стройную фигуру у старой деревянной двери. Глазы сверкали туда-сюда, мужчина опустился. Кейс подумал, что его кто-то выстрелил; он лежал лицом вниз, блондинские волосы контрастировали со старым камнем мостовой, его расслабленные руки казались бледными и пафосными. Фонари оставались непоколебимыми. На спине упавшего накрывался тканевой материал куртки, разрываясь; кровь брызнула на стену и дверь. Два невероятно длинные, гибкие руки простирались в ярком свете розовато-серого цвета. Форма казалась, как будто сама поднимается из мостовой, пробиваясь сквозь мрачную, испачканную кровью, деформированную Ривьеру. Она была высотой в два метра, стояла на двух ногах и, казалось, не имела головы. Медленно она повернулась к ним, и Кейс увидел, что у нее был голова, но нет шеи. Глаза отсутствовали, кожа сверкала розовато-жидким блеском, как кишки. Ротовое отверстие, если оно вообще было ртом, было круглым, коническим, плоским; вокруг него тряслись волнообразные волосы или щетинки, сверкающие черным хромом. Форма оттолкнула жалкое скопление одежды и мяса в сторону и сделала шаг вперед. Кажется, она направила свой взгляд на них.

Терзибашджан что-то сказал по-гречески или по-турецки и бросился к форме, размахивая руками, как будто пытался прыгнуть через окно. Он бежал сквозь него. В луче света из-за светового пятна он выстрелил из пистолета. Камни летели вокруг ушей Кейса; финн подтолкнул его в колени. Светофор на крыше погас. Отображения от выстрелов, монстры и ослепляющие вспышки кружились в голове Кейса. Его уши гудели.

Затем светофор снова загорелся, мигая и ищя в темноте. Терзибашджан прижался к стальной двери, лицо бледное в ярком свете. Он сжимал левое запястье и наблюдал, как кровь течет из раны на его левой руке. Блондин, теперь полностью целый и не кровоточащий, лежал у его ног.

Моли, в черном и с флешкой в руке, вышла из тени. — Возьми радиоприемник! — сказал армянин, сжимая зубы. — Позови Махмуда! Мы должны убрать это. Здесь не место для таких вещей.

— Этот маленький хулиган почти справился, — сказал финн, чье колено щелкнуло при подъеме. Он поправил свои брюки. — Посмотри на этот беспорядок, — продолжил он, — это не был обычный ресторан. Настоящая красота. Так что помогай им убрать это и убедись, что Армитедж получит то, за что платит.

Моли наклонилась и подняла что-то. Пистолет. — Намбу, — сказала она. — Красивая штука.

Терзибашджан вздрогнул. Кейс увидел, что это серьезно повредило ему палец.

Над городом рассветал, когда Моли направила Мерседес к Топкапи. Финн и мощный турок по имени Махмуд подняли еще не совсем при сознании Ривьеру с дороги. Несколько минут спустя в аллюю въехал пыльный Цитрон, чтобы забрать армянина, который едва не потерял сознание.

— Ты — подлец, — сказала Моли, когда закрыла дверь автомобиля перед его лицом. — Ты должен был оставаться в укрытии. Я сразу его заметила, как он вышел из двери.

Терзибашджан посмотрел на нее с вызовом. — Но нас все равно ждет, — ответила она. Она толкнула его внутрь и закрыла дверь. — Если ты еще раз появишься передо мной, я сделаю тебя холодным, — сказала она через стекло. Цитрон исчез по узким улицам.

Теперь Мерседес мчался по пробуждающемуся Стамбулу. Они проехали терминал туннеля Бейоглу и мчались по пешеходным дорожкам вдоль заброшенных апартаментных зданий, которые напоминали Кейсу Париж.

— Что это? — спросил он Моли, когда Мерседес остановился у парка, окружающего Серай. Он пытался осмотреть странное сочетание архитектурных стилей, которые формировали Топкапи.

— Это было частным борделем для султана, — объяснила она. — Там всегда было много женщин. Теперь это музей. Что-то вроде магазина финна, наполненного всем на свете: большими алмазами, мечами, левой рукой Иоанна Крестителя...

— В растворе?

— Нет. Мертвые. Их держали в металлической коробке с шарнирами, чтобы христиане могли поцеловать их для счастья. Христиане отняли это у них много веков назад и даже не очищают его, потому что это реликвия неверных.

Черные, ржавые олени медлили в парке Серая. Кейс шел рядом с ней, наблюдая, как кончики ее сапог прокалывают непроработанную траву, которая застыла от первого мороза. Они шли по тропинке из холодных, восьмиугольных камней. Зима ждала где-то на Балканах.

— Этот Терзибашджан — настоящий цыган, — сказала она. — Секретная полиция. Жестокий пытчик. Его легко купить, особенно с деньгами, которые Армитедж ему предложил.

Птицы начали щебетать в окружающих сухих деревьях.

— Я сделал эту работу для тебя, — сказал Кейс, — дело с Лондоном. Я что-то нашел, но не могу много с этим сделать.

Он рассказал ей историю о Корто.

— Ну, я знал, что "Скриминг Фист" не был связан с Армитеджем, — сказала она. — Я проверила.

Она погладила по ржавой спине бронзовой оленицы. — Думаешь, компьютер вытащил его оттуда? В французской психиатрической больнице?

— Зиммут, я так думаю, — ответил Кейс.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Она кивнула. «Скажи», — сказала Кейс, — «ты думаешь, он знает, что был Корто? Я имею в виду, когда он попал в психиатрическую больницу, он был никем. Возможно, Винтермут просто...» «Да, с самого начала». Молли повернулась и они продолжили свой путь. «Это имеет смысл. Знаешь, у этого парня нет никакой личной жизни, насколько я могу судить. Когда ты сталкиваешься с таким типом, думаешь, что он сможет что-то сделать, когда будет один. Но не Армитедж. Он сидит и смотрит на стену, человек. Потом всё кликнет, и он проснётся и позвонит Винтермуту». «Почему же тогда у него секретный банковский счёт в Лондоне? Ностальгия?» — «Возможно, он даже не знает о его существовании», — сказала она. — «Может быть, он просто открыт на его имя, верно?» «Я не понимаю», — сказал Кейс. — «Я только думал вслух... Как умны искусственные интеллекты». «В зависимости от того, насколько они развиты. Некоторые не умнее собаки. Домашняя тварь. Стоят они при этом много денег. Настояще умные такие же умные, как готовые пойти на компромисс с Тьюрингом». «Слушай, ты — ковбой. Почему ты так не интересуешься такими вещами?» — «Ну», — сказал он, — «в первую очередь, они редки. Большинство из них военные, по крайней мере умные, и мы не можем пробиться через ледяную стену. Именно поэтому всё это и есть ледяная стена, знаешь? А затем есть Тьюринговские быки, и с ними не шутят». Он посмотрел на неё. «Я не знаю, это просто не входит в мои интересы». — «Джокеи все одинаковы», — сказала она. — «Нет фантазии». 125

Они подошли к широкой прямоугольной пруду, где карпы обнюхивали стебли бледных водных растений. Кейс дернул ногой по смещенному камню и наблюдал, как волны распространяются. — «Это Винтермут», — сказала она. — «Очень важная вещь, кажется». — «Мы застряли там, где маленькие волны так широки, что мы не видим камня, который попал в середину. Мы знаем, что что-то есть, но почему. Меня интересует почему. Я хочу, чтобы ты встал и поговорил с Винтермутом». — «Я даже не могу подойти к нему близко», — сказал он. — «Ты сошла с ума». — «Попробуй!» — «Невероятно». — «Спроси у Флатлайна!» — «Что мы вообще хотим от этого Ривьеры?» — спросил он, чтобы сменить тему. Она выплюнула в пруд. — «Боже мой. Я могу его убить, как только увижу. Я посмотрела его профиль. Он какой-то принудительный Иуда. Получает удовольствие только тогда, когда знает, что предаёт объект своей страсти. Так и написано в документах. А они должны были сначала полюбить его. Возможно, он тоже их любит. Поэтому Терци легко справился с Ривьерой, так как он уже три года здесь работает и продаёт политическую информацию тайной полиции». Терци, вероятно, наблюдал, как стальные прутья выезжают. Он сделал восемнадцать за три года. Все женщины в возрасте от двадцати до тридцати пяти лет. Это обеспечило Терци диссидентами». Она вставила руки в карманы куртки. — «Так что я, наверное, должна купить специальную страховку против этого Питера». С этими словами она повернулась и улыбнулась, и стало очень холодно. — «Что ты имеешь в виду?» — «Не важно. Давай вернёмся в Бейоглу и найдём что-нибудь поесть. У меня снова будет напряжённая ночь. Я должен собрать его вещи из квартиры в Фенере и вернуться на базар, чтобы купить ему наркотики...» — «Купить ему наркотики? Откуда он их берёт?» — Она рассмеялась. — «Он ведь хочет жить дальше, милый. И, похоже, без своего вещества он не может работать». — «Мне нравишься сейчас больше, чем раньше, ты уже не такой худой». Она улыбнулась. — «Так что я пойду к дилеру Али и возьму запасы, ясно?» 
Армитедж ждал в своей комнате в отеле Хилтон. — «Пора собираться», — сказал он, и Кейс пытался разглядеть человека по имени Корто за голубыми глазами и солнечно загаренной маской. Он знал, что операторы на определённом уровне склонны сливать свои личности, как он знал. Но у Ваги были свои пороки, любовные связи. Он любил заниматься сексом с детьми, как гласили слухи. Пустота, которую Армитедж демонстрировал, была совершенно другого рода. — «Куда теперь?» — спросил он, прошёл мимо Армитеджа и посмотрел вниз по улице. — «Какой тип?» — «У них нет типа, только погода», — ответил Армитедж. 127

Кейс взял брошюру и положил её на стол. Это был дорогой буклет на французском, английском и турецком языках. — «Фрисайд — почему ждать?» Для четверки был забронирован рейс THY из аэропорта Йешилькой. В Париже трансфер к шаттлу JAL. Кейс сидел в фойе отеля Хилтон в Стамбуле и наблюдал за Ривьерой, который изучал фрагменты византийского искусства в стеклянных витринах сувенирного магазина. Армитедж стоял у входа в магазин, раскинув над плечами пальто как плащ. Ривьера был стройным и блондином, имел мягкий голос и свободно говорил без акцента. Молли сказала, что ему тридцать, но было трудно оценить его возраст. Она также сказала, что он без гражданства и путешествует по поддельному голландскому паспорту. Он был продуктом радиоактивного ядра старого Бонна, окружённого мусорными свалками. В магазин вошли три улыбающиеся японские туристки, которые вежливо кивнули Армитеджу. Армитедж быстро прошел через магазин, слишком явно, чтобы стоять рядом с Ривьерой. Ривьера повернулся и посмотрел на Кейса.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He smiled at him. He was very handsome; Case suspected behind his features the work of a Chiba surgeon. Subtle workmanship, not to be compared with Armitage's murky mix of beautiful faces. The man had a high, smooth forehead, his grey eyes were calm and distant. His nose, originally perhaps too evenly shaped, seemed broken and roughly remodelled. A touch of brutality was compensated by his delicate chin and his hasty smile. His teeth were small, even and very white. Case watched as his bright hands glided over the imitated sculpture fragments. Riviera did not behave like someone who had been attacked the night before, poisoned with an arrow, dragged away, subjected to Finn's tests and forced by Armitage to join his team. Case looked at his watch. Molly should be back soon from her drug run. He turned again to Riviera. "I bet you're already high as a kite, you arsehole," he said to the Hilton foyer. A grey-haired Italian matron in a white leather spencer jacket lowered her Porsche glasses and gawked. He grinned widely, stood up and hung his bag over his shoulder. He needed cigarettes for the flight. He wondered if there was a smoking compartment on the JAL shuttle. "Goodbye, Lady," he said to the aunt who quickly pushed her sunglasses back onto her nose and walked away. There were cigarettes in the souvenir shop, but he had no desire to talk to Armitage or Riviera. He left the foyer and discovered an automated console in a narrow niche at the end of a row of pay phones. 129

He rummaged through the handful of Lirasi in his trouser pocket and inserted one after another of the small coins from a dull alloy into the drop slot, where the anachronism of this process amused him somewhat. The next phone rang. He answered automatically. "Yes?" A faint harmonium, distant voices whispered on an orbital connection. Then a rush like a gust of wind: "Hello, Case." A 50-Lirasi coin fell from his hand and rolled across the Hilton carpet. "Wintermute, Case. It's time we talk. " It was a chip voice. "Do you want to say something, Case?" He hung up. On his way back to the foyer - he no longer thought about cigarettes - he had to pass by the row of phones. Each one rang in turn as he walked past - but each only once. 130

THIRD PART Midnight on Rue Jules Verne 131

Archipelago. The islands. Tonis, Spindle, Heap. Human DNA, like an oil film flowing from a deep gravitational well. Call up a graphic that roughly simplifies data exchange in the L-5 archipelago. A segment moves into view as a red body, a massive rectangle that fills the entire screen. Freeside. Freeside means many things, of which tourists passing through the shaft do not always catch all. Freeside is a brothel and business world, amusement park and free port, border town and health resort. Freeside is Las Vegas and the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, orbital Geneva and home to a carefully bred inbred family, the Tessier and Ashpool industrial clan. On the THY flight to Paris they sat together in first class. Molly was at the window seat, next to her Case, then Riviera and Armitage in the aisle. As the plane flew over water, Case saw a glittering Greek island city. And when he reached for his drink, he noticed in his bourbon with water a wriggling thing that reminded him of a giant human sperm. Molly leaned over him and gave Riviera an earful. "No tricks, baby. If you play these games with me, I'll give you a good smack on the ass. I can do it without breaking anything. Have fun." Case involuntarily glanced to the side to see Armitage's reaction. His face was calm, his blue eyes alert but without anger. "She's right, Peter. Leave it alone!" Case turned away again, only to catch a fleeting glimpse of a black rose whose petals shimmered like leather and whose stem gleamed with chrome. Peter Riviera put on a sweet smile, closed his eyes and fell asleep instantly. Molly turned away; the lenses reflected in the dark window. "You've been there before, haven't you?" she asked as he squeezed himself back into his white foam couch in the JAL shuttle.  "No. I don't travel much, just for business." The steward attached electrodes to his wrist and left ear.  "Hope you don't get SAS," she said.  "Air sickness? Not at all."  "Not the same thing. Your heartbeat speeds up in zero gravity, and your inner ear clicks for a while. It sets off your flight reflex as if you got a signal to run like hell, and it pumps out a lot of adrenaline." The steward moved on to Riviera and removed new electrodes from his red plastic apron. Case glanced over and tried to make out the contours of the old Orly terminal, but the shuttle ramp was shielded by very dynamic pressure defects in wet concrete.  The person at the window wore an Arabic slogan in red spray paint. He closed his eyes and told himself that the shuttle was just a big plane flying very high. It smelled like a plane, new clothes, chewing gum and exhaust fumes. He listened to the transmitted Koto music* and waited. Twenty minutes, and gravity hit him like a soft giant's hand with bones from ancient stone. Space adaptation syndrome** was worse than Molly had described it, but it passed fairly quickly so he could soon sleep. The steward woke him when they were ready to dock at the JAL terminal.  "Now transfer to Freeside?" he asked as he eyed a strand of Yeheyuan tobacco gracefully floating ten centimetres in front of his nose from his shirt pocket. Smoking was not allowed on shuttle flights.  "No, just another little quirk in our boss's plans, you know. We're taking a taxi to Zion, the Zion heap." By pressing a button she released her seatbelt and wriggled out of the foam cushion.  "Strange meeting place if you ask me," she said.  "Why?"  "Terrible. Rastas. The colony is already about thirty years old."  "What does that mean?"  "You'll see. I have nothing against the place. After all, you're allowed to smoke there." Zion had been founded by five workers who didn't want to return home, who turned their backs on the shaft and started building. They had suffered calcium loss and heart shrinkage before rotational gravity was established in the colony's midtorus. From the taxi dome, Zion looked like a makeshift settlement built around a central tower. * Koto = Japanese string instrument. - The translation ** Space adaptation syndrome = System complex due to stress, difficulties adapting to space; Space = Space. - The translation 134
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Соричья оболочка Зиона превратилась в сплочённые, изношенные жилые блоки Стамбула. Неправильно сложенные, покрытые лазерными гравировками растафарианские символы и инициалы сварщиков были на каждой доске. Молли и худой зионит по имени Эрол помогали Кейсу в переговорах о коридоре свободного падения к ядру меньшего торуса. Во время двухчасового нападения SAS он потерял из виду Армитедж и Ривьеру. «Здесь», — сказала Молли, и толкнула ноги в узкую лук над ними. — «Держись за решетки! Делаем вид, что скатываемся назад, ясно? Ты движешься к оболочке, это как бы опускаешься под воздействие гравитации, понимаешь?» Его желудок сжался. — «Ничего не случится с тобой», — сказал Эрол, показывая свои золотистые резцы. В какой-то момент конец туннеля стал его полом. Кейсу казалось, что он ловит пузырь воздуха, как утопающий. — «Вверх», — сказала Молли, — или хочешь поцеловать и дно?» Кейс лежал на спине, руки вытянуты, плоско прижаты к палубе. Что-то ударило его по плечу. Он перевернулся и увидел толстую связку эластичных веревок. — «Мы играем в дом», — сказала она. — «Помоги мне их повесить!» Кейс огляделся в просторном пустом пространстве и заметил, что все поверхности были покрыты прикреплёнными стальной кольцами, казалось, случайным образом. После того как они натянули веревки по сложному плану Молли, они накрыли их свернутыми желтыми пластиковыми планками. Пока они этим занимались, Кейсу вдруг стало слышно музыку, с которой колония постоянно окутывалась. Тональная искажение, как они это называли, — смесь из огромных архивов цифровой музыки из подводного мира, превращённая в чувственное мозаичное полотно. Это служило для поклонения, сказала Молли, и создавало чувство единства.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Он свободно держал его в руке. В другой он держал прозрачную мешочок с синей-зеленой водорослью. Он моргнул и улыбнулся. "Попробуй", — сказал Кейс. Он взял ленту, надел её на лоб и Кейс поправил электроды. Он закрыл глаза. Кейс включил. Эол дрогнул. Кейс выключил. "Что ты видел, парень?", — спросил он. "Баблон", — с грустью ответил Эол, протянул ему электроды и спешил по коридору прочь. Ривьера сидел неподвижно на пузырчатой подушке, поднимая правую руку до плеча. За его локтом плотно обвивалась змея с глазами, как красное неоновое светило. Кейс наблюдал, как змея, толщиной в палец и полосатая черно-красными линиями, медленно сжимала руку Ривьеры. "Давай, — нежно сказал он к блестящему восковому скорпиону, сидевшему посередине его ладони. — Давай!" Скорпион качался своими коричневыми клешнями и двигался по руке, следуя за тем, как его ножки следовали за предательски темнеющими венами. Когда он достиг локтя, он остановился и начал дрожать. Ривьера выдохнул. Стрелка уколола кожу. Вены вздулись, а игла пронзила их. Змея расслабилась, и Ривьера стонал, когда инъекция проникала в его тело. Тогда змея и скорпион исчезли, и он держал в левой руке мутную иглу. "Если бы Бог создал что-то лучше, он бы оставил это себе, — сказал он с усмешкой к Кейсу. — Ты слышал эту поговорку, Кейс?" "Конечно", — ответил Кейс. — Я уже много раз ее слышал. Ты всегда так излишне драматизируешь всё?" Ривьера рассмеялся. Он ослабил эластичную ленту и снял ее с руки. "Да. Это веселее." Улыбка застыла на его лице. Его глаза были отведены, а щеки покраснели. "Я сделал себе мембрану прямо над веной, так что мне не нужно беспокоиться о игле", — сказал он. "Это больно?" Он посмотрел на Кейса. "Конечно, это больно. Это часть процесса, верно?" "Я всегда использовал дермы", — сказал Кейс. "Пешком", — насмешливо заметил Ривьера и засмеялся, надев белую хлопковую рубашку с короткими рукавами. "Приятно", — сказал Кейс и встал. "Хочешь выпить, Кейс?" "Я привык не пить". "Фрисайд", — сказал Армитедж и нажал кнопку на небольшом голографическом проекторе. Изображение почти трехметрового высоты стало четким. "Казино здесь". Он дотронулся до скелетной проекции и указал. "Отели, собственность лучших, большие магазины здесь вдоль". Его рука скользила по модели. "Синие участки — озера". Он пошел к одному из концов модели. "Большие ловушки. Уменьшается в конце. "Это ясно", — сказала Молли. "Эффект горности при уменьшении", — объяснил Армитедж. "Территория становится, казалось бы, более крутой, скалистой, но ее легко преодолевать. Чем выше ты поднимаешься, тем меньше гравитация". Он указал. "Велодром", — сказал он. "Высокопрофильная резина для низкой гравитации, достигающая скорости до ста километров в час". "Нас это сейчас не интересует", — сказал Армитедж, по-прежнему серьезно. "Жаль", — сказала Молли. "Я страстная велосипедистка". Ривьера рассмеялся. Армитедж пошел к другому концу проекции. "Это так. Детали голограммы здесь заканчиваются, а последняя часть спинделя пуста". "Это вилла Страйтлайт. Стремительный подъем из гравитационного поля, и любое приближение хитроумно. Есть только один вход, здесь, в центре. Нулевая гравитация". "Что там внутри, начальник?" Ривьера наклонился вперед и потянулся к пальцу Армитеджа. Четыре маленькие фигуры мерцали у его пальца. Армитедж ударил по ним, как по москитам. "Питер", — сказал Армитедж, — ты будешь первым, кто узнает. Найди приглашение. Как только ты войдешь, убедись, что Молли тоже входит!" Кейс смотрел в пустоту, воплощавшую Страйтлайт, и вспомнил историю финна: Смит, Джимми, говорящий головой, Ниндзя. "Можно узнать больше?" — спросил Ривьера. "Я должен спланировать свой наряд, знаешь". "Проверь улицы", — сказал Армитедж и вернулся к центру модели. "Улица Жюль Верна здесь. Там Rue Jules Verne", — пробормотал Ривьера. Армитедж закатил глаза. Пока Армитедж вычитывал названия улиц из Фрисайда, на его носу, щеках и подбородке появилось дюжина прыщиков. Даже Молли рассмеялась. Армитедж остановился и посмотрел на нее своими холодными, тупыми глазами. "Соня", — сказал Ривьера, и прыщики мгновенно исчезли.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
We are unsure about the meaning. If the last days approach, we must expect false prophets. “Listen up,” said Case, “this is an AI, understood? An Artificial Intelligence. The music it played you likely tapped from your memories and mixed according to your presumed taste…” 
“Babylon,” interjected the other founder, “spawns many demons, as we know. Whole swarms of them!” 
“How did you call me, old man?” asked Molly. 
“Walking Knife. And you bring a scourge upon Babylon, sister, upon its darkest heart…” 
“What message did the voice convey?” asked Case. 
“We were commanded to help you,” explained the other, “as tools for the last days.” 
His wrinkled face was sorrowful. 
“We were ordered to send Maelcum with you. In his hauler, Garvey, to Babylon’s gate in Freeside. And that we will do.” 
“Maelcum is a cheeky lad,” said the other, “and a capable hauler pilot.” 
“But we decided to also send Aerol from the Babylon Rocker, so he keeps an eye on Garvey.” 
A painful silence filled the room. 
“So?” said Case. “Are you guys working for Armitage or what?” 
“We rented space to you,” said the Los Angeles founder. “We’re involved in different schemes here, but we don’t follow Babylon’s law. Our law is Jehovah’s Word. But maybe this time we make a mistake.” 
“Double-sewn holds better” murmured the other. 
144

“Come on, Case,” said Molly, “let’s go back before the old man realizes we’re gone!” 
“Maelcum will accompany you. Jehovah’s love, sister.” 
The hauler Marcus Garvey, a nine-meter long steel drum with a two-meter diameter, groaned and shuddered as Maelcum ignited the drive and targeted his destination. Stretched out in its elastic g-net, Case observed Maelcum’s muscular back through a Scopolamine fog. He had taken the SAS remedy, but the stimulants added to counteract the side effects of Scopolamine didn’t take effect in his manipulated system. 
“How long will it take us to reach Freeside?” asked Molly from her net next to Maelcums pilot module. 
“Not much longer, you.” 
“Do you guys ever think in hours?” 
“Sister, time is time, you know. Have a fear,” and he shook his lock of hair, “of control, that’s all. We arrive when we arrive…” 
“Case,” she said, “did you perhaps take something to contact our friend in Bern? Like when you sat whispering for hours on your deck in Zion?” 
“Sure,” said Case. “But no, I didn’t take anything. By the way, there’s a funny story about that, still from Istanbul.” 
He told her about the phones at the Hilton. 
“God,” she said, “a missed opportunity. Why did you hang up?” 
145

“Anyone could have done it,” he lied. “Just a chip… I don’t know…” He shrugged his shoulders. 
“You weren’t afraid, were you?” 
He shrugged again. 
“Do it now!” 
“What?”, 
“Now! Talk to the flatline about it at least!” 
“I’m all messed up from this stuff,” he objected, but reached for the E-trodes. His deck and Hosaka were mounted together with a high-resolution Cray monitor behind Maelcums module. He adjusted the E-trodes. The Marcus Garvey was built around an old Russian air scrubber, a square thing smeared with Rastafarian symbols, Zion lions, and Black Stars, with red-green-yellow Bible quotes in Cyrillic covering them up. Someone had sprayed Maelcums controls with loud pink and scraped off the film from screens and displays with a razor blade. The gaskets on the air lock at the bow were adorned with frozen scraps and fragments of transparent yarn that looked like artificial seagrass weaving. 
Case glanced over Maelcums shoulder at the central screen and saw a landing display; the hauler’s course was a line of red points, Freeside a segmented green circle. He watched as the line stretched and a new point lit up. 
He plugged in. 
“Dixie?” 
“Yes?” 
“Have you ever tried to crack an AI?” 
“Of course. Dead brain. First time. It was fun, it went full on, right into a dense trade sector of Rio. High finance, multinational corporations, Brazilian government, everything lit up like a Christmas tree.” 
Just for fun, you know. And then I took the cube, maybe three levels higher. I got in and made it through.” 
“What did it look like, optically?” 
“White cube.” 
“How did you know it was an AI?” 
“Well, I mean… It was the densest ice I’d ever seen. What else could it be?” 146

Military guys don’t have anything like that. At least I got out and let my computer check it.” 
“And?”, 
“It had a Turing registration. AI. A mainframe in Rio owned by a French company.” 
Case bit on his lower lip and stared into the endless, neuro-electronic void of the Matrix over the plateaus of the Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority. 
“Tessier-Ashpool, Dixie?” 
“Tessier, yes.” 
“And you got back in?” 
“Sure. It was crazy. I tried to crack the thing. Hit the first layer but my box didn’t spit anything else out. My helper smelled singed skin and pulled the E-trodes off my forehead. Really fucked up, this ice.” 
“Was your EEG flat?” 
“Well, that’s the stuff legends are made of, isn’t it?” 
Case unplugged. “Fuck,” he said. “How do you think Dixie got his brain dead, huh? Trying to tap into an AI…” 
“Keep going!” she said. “You both count as dynamic, right?” 
* Mainframe = Supercomputer. - The translation is from a machine learning model and might not be perfect.

147

“Dix,” said Case, “I want to take a look at an AI in Bern. Any reasons against it?” 
“Not really, as long as you’re not panicky about death.” 
Case selected the Swiss banking sector, feeling the happy anticipation welling up inside him as the kyberspace flickered, became blurry, gelled. The Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority was gone, replaced by the cool, geometric weave of Zurich’s banking world. He kept selecting, towards Bern. 
“Climb,” said the construct. “It will be high.” 
They ascended grids of light, flashing steps, blue flickering. This would be it, thought Case. 
Wintermute was a simple white-light cube; its plain form already hinted at extreme complexity. 
“Not much to look at, huh?” said the flatline. “But try reaching for it…” 
“I’m trying to get in, Dixie.” 
“Be my guest.” 
Case hammered on the keys and approached the cube until he was four grid points away. The blank surface that now loomed over him began to come alive; shadows flickered behind like a thousand dancers, viewed through a giant milk glass window. 
“We know you’re here,” noted the flatline. Case pressed again; they inched closer by one grid point. A dotted gray circle appeared on the cube’s surface. 
“Dixie…” 
“Back, fast!” 
The gray spot swelled evenly, became a sphere and detached from the cube. Case felt himself teetering at the edge of the deck as the sphere pulled away.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
His hand was burned when he pressed MAX REVERSE. The matrix flickered back; they stumbled down the dark shaft of Swiss bank tunnels. He looked up. The sphere was darker now, closing in. It fell. "Cut it out!" said the flatline. Darkness hit him like a hammer. The smell of cold steel and ice wrapped around his spine. Faces peered in from a neon forest, sailors and crooks and whores under a toxic silver sky... "Listen, Case, what's going on with you? Do you have an egg on your head? " Constant, pounding pain in his spine, from the middle down... Rain, a sluggish mist woke him. His feet were entangled in light fiber cables. The din of the arcade washed over him, receded. He rolled to his side, sat up and held his head. Light from a maintenance shaft at the back of the arcade revealed wet plywood panels and the dripping case of a broken console. A swirly Japanese script in faded pink and yellow was painted across the side of the console. He looked up and saw a smoky plastic window, the weak glow of fluorescent tubes. His back hurt, his spine. He struggled to his feet, wiped the trickling sweat from his eyes. Something had happened... 149

He searched his pockets for money, found none. He shivered. Where was his jacket? He scanned around, looked behind the console, then gave up. In Ninsei he was carried along by the crowd. Free day. It must be Friday. Linda was surely in the arcade. Maybe she had money or at least some cigarettes... Coughing and brushing rain from his shirt, he squeezed through the throng to the arcade entrance. Holograms flickered and danced to the din of games, a ghostly blur washed over the next one in the overcrowded, smoky room that smelled of sweat and casual tension. A sailor in a white T-shirt scored a nuclear hit on Bonn at the Panzerkrieg console. Azure blue lightning. She played Enchanted Castle mesmerized. Her gray eyes were blurred behind her smudged lid. She looked up as he put an arm around her, smiled. "Hey! How are you? You look wet." He kissed her. "You ruined my game," she said. "Look at you, ass! You're in the seventh cellar dungeon, and those damned vampires are tapping me." She offered him a cigarette. "You look pretty banged up, man. Where have you been?" 
"I don't know."
"Are you high again? Eating zones Dex again?" 
"Maybe... When was the last time we saw each other?" 
"Hey, all just make-believe, right?" She studied him. 
"Right?" 
"No, some kind of blackout. I...I woke up on the street." 
"Maybe someone slipped you something, baby. Money okay?" 
150

He shook his head. "See? Do you need a place to crash, Case?" 
"I guess so." 
"Come on then!" She took his hand. "Let's get you some coffee and food first. Come home with me. Nice to see you, man." She squeezed his hand. He smiled. Something cracked. Something stirred in the deepest core of him. The arcade stared, quivered... She was gone. The weight of memory crashed over him, knowledge sank into his head like a microchip into contact. Gone. He smelled singed flesh. The sailor in the white T-shirt was gone. The arcade was empty, still. Case slowly turned around, lifted his shoulders, clenched his teeth and balled his fists involuntarily. Empty. A crumpled yellow candy wrapper fell from the edge of a console onto the floor between trampled butts and styrofoam cups. 
"I had a cigarette," said Case and looked at the whitened knuckles of his fists. "I had a cigarette, a girl, and a place to crash. Hear me, you bitch? Hear me?" Echoes boomed through the empty arcade, fading between the long rows of consoles. He stepped onto the street. It wasn't raining anymore. Holograms flickered, neon glowed. The smell of cooked vegetables from a pushcart vendor on the other side of the street wafted by. A new box of Yeheyuan lay at his feet, next to a matchbook. JULIUS DEANE IMPORT EX 151

PORT. Case stared at the company logo and its Japanese translation. "Okay," he said, picking up the matches and opening the cigarette pack. "I hear you." He took his time as he climbed the stairs to Deane's office. No rush, he told himself, no haste. The lazy Dali clock still ran slow. There was dust on the Kandinksy desk and the neo-Aztec bookcases. A wall of white shipping boxes filled the room with ginger scent. 
"Is the door locked?" Case waited for an answer but none came. He went to the door and tried it. "Julie?" The green-shaded brass lamp cast a spotlight on Deane's desk. Case looked at the innards of an antique typewriter, cassettes, crumpled endpaper, sticky plastic bags with ginger samples. No one was there. Case walked around the wide steel desk and moved Deane's chair out of the way. He found the gun in a worn leather holster attached under the desk with silver tape. It was an old-fashioned 357 Magnum revolver with a sawed-off barrel and a trigger guard. The grip was reinforced with several layers of duct tape. The tape was old, brown and flaky. He opened the cylinder and examined each of the six cartridges individually. They were hand-loaded. The lead was still soft. With the gun in his right hand, Case walked past the desk to the left side of the room and stood in the middle of the cluttered office, away from the light beam. 
"I guess it's not urgent," he said. "I guess it's your show. But all this bullshit... well, it's getting kind of... boring." He raised the gun, aimed straight at the desk and pulled the trigger. The recoil almost broke his wrist. The muzzle flash lit up the room like a lightning bolt. With ringing ears, he stared at the gaping hole in the front of the desk. Explosive shot. Acid. Again he raised the weapon. 
"That wouldn't have been necessary, kid," said Julie, emerging from the darkness. He wore a tailored, silk three-piece suit with a fishbone pattern, a striped shirt and a tie. His glasses gleamed in the light. Case swiveled the gun around and turned to Deane's rosy, unaging face. 
"No," said Deane. "You're right. As to what all this is supposed to be... what I am... but there's a certain inner logic that has to be observed. If you use those things, you'll see a lot of brain and blood, and it would take me several hours - in your subjective time - to find a new speaker." It wasn't easy, he went on, "to keep the whole setup going." Oh, and I'm sorry about Linda in the arcade... 152

I wanted to talk to you through her... I'm constructing all this from your memories and emotional charge... Well, it's very tricky. Sony for the slip-up..." Case lowered the gun. "This is the Matrix," he said. 
"Yes. All of this comes to you naturally via the Simstim unit linked to your deck." Deane smiled. "I'm glad I was able to intercept you before you could pull that plug." Deane circled around behind the desk, straightened his chair and sat down. "Sit down, kid! We have a lot to talk about."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Ach wirklich?" "Natürlich. Schon seit einiger Zeit. Ich war dazu beitragend, als ich dich in Istanbul telefonisch erreichte. Die Zeit wird knapp. In wenigen Tagen wirst du dein Ding drehen, Case." Deane nahm ein Bonbon, wickelte es aus dem karierten Papier und steckte es in den Mund. "Setz dich!", sagte er, am Bonbon lutschend. Case ließ sich auf dem Drehstuhl vor dem Schreibtisch nieder, ohne den Blick von Deane zu wenden. Die Knarre in seiner Hand ruhte auf seinem Oberschenkel. "So", sagte Deane selbstbewusst, "zur Tagesordnung. Was, so fragst du dich, ist Wintermute, hab ich recht?" "Mehr oder weniger." "Eine künstliche Intelligenz, aber das weißt du selber. Dein Fehler, ein an sich ganz logischer, ist, dass du das Wintermute-Mainframe in Bern mit der Entität Winter mute verwechselst." Deane lutschte schmatzend sein Bonbon. "Du weißt bereits von der anderen AI im Tessier-Ashpool-Verbund, nicht wahr? Rio. Ich, sofern ich ein 'Ich' habe - wird ziemlich metaphysisch, wie du siehst -, bin derjenige, der alles arrangiert für Armeen. Oder Corto, der übrigens recht unstabil ist." "Was du da redest ist genauso wirr wie der ganze Deal", sagte Case, der sich mit der freien Hand die Schläfen massierte. "Wenn du so gottverdammt schlau bist..." "Warum bin ich dann nicht reich?" lachte Deane und wäre fast an seinem Bonbon erstickt. "Nun, Case, ich kann nur sagen - und ich habe weitaus weniger Antworten darauf als du dir vorstellst -, was du dir unter Wintermute vorstellst, ist nur ein Teil einer anderen, sozusagen potentiellen Entität. Ich bin, lassen mich das so sagen, nur ein Aspekt des Gehirns dieser Entität. Von deinem Standpunkt betrachtet, ist es in etwa so, als hättest du mit einem Menschen zu tun, dessen Hirnhälften getrennt sind. Sagen wir, du hast mit einem kleinen Teil seines linken Hirns zu tun. Schwer zu sagen, ob du überhaupt mit dem Menschen an sich zu tun hast in so einem Fall."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Шерохватные, тёмные волосы, коричневые груди, белые зубы в широком улыбке. Воздух пахнул речной водой и цветами. — Да, — сказал он, — много денег. Она склонилась с опущенными руками рядом с ним на перила. — Да. Мы хотели однажды приехать сюда или где-то в Европу. — Кто мы? — Никто, — сказала она с автоматическим вздохом. — Ты говорил, хочешь пойти на уловку. Спать. Я тоже мог бы немного поспать. — Да, — сказал Кейс и потирал щёки руками. — Да, здесь можно переночевать. Узкая лента системы Ладо-Ашсон сияла в схематичных цветах заката Бемуды, пронизанных запечатленными обрывками облаков. — Да, — сказал он, — спать. Сон не приходил. Когда он наконец настал, он принёс с собой сны, которые казались тщательно отредактированными отрывками памяти. Он неоднократно просыпался рядом свернутой Молли, слышал шум воды и голоса через открытую стеклянную дверь зала для концертов, смех женщин на террасном жилом комплексе по противоположному склону. Как плохая карта, постоянно возвращался образ смерти Деана, хотя он говорил себе, что это не был именно он. Что это вообще не произошло. Когда-то ему сказали, что такое количество крови в теле примерно равно упаковке банок пива. Каждый раз, когда изображение измельчённого черепа Деана падало на заднюю стену офиса, Кейс замечал другой мысль, что-то темное, сворачивающееся и исчезающее, как рыба, в последний момент ускользающая от его хватки. 158

Линда. Деан. Кровь на стене импортёра. Линда. Запах обжигаемого мяса в тёмной куполе Чибы. Молли с пластиковой сумкой для имбиря, запачканной кровью. Деан приказал её убить. Зиммут. Кейс представлял себе маленького микроорганизма, который разрывал обломки человека по имени Корто, как бурлящий ручей, или поверхностную подмену личности по имени Армитидж в потёмневшей комнате больницы... Аналоги Деана сказали, что они действуют с использованием завершенных фактов, извлекая выгоду из данных ситуаций. Но что, если Линда, настоящая Линда, была убита по приказу Зиммута? Кейс искал в темноте сигарету и зажигалку Молли. Нет причин подозревать Деана, — сказал он, зажигая. Ни одной причины. Зиммут мог внедрить определённую личность в пустую оболочку. Как тонко могла бы произойти манипуляция? Он выбросил окурок в ящик для сигарет рядом с кроватью после третьего затяжки. Он повернулся к Молли спиной и попытался заснуть. Сон, память бегала монотонно, как не отредактированный симстим-бэнд. Он провёл месяц, пятнадцатый летнего лета, в пансионе на пятом этаже с определённой Марлен. Лифт уже много лет не работал. Кухонные принадлежности скользили по серому фарфору застёкнутой раковины, когда он включал свет. Кейс колыхался с Марлен на матрасе без постельного белья. Он не успел поймать первую осу, которая прилипла своим серым паучьим телом к отшелушивающемуся лаку подоконника. Скоро гнездо достигло размера фуста; насекомые вылетают в гущу и кружатся над разлагающимся содержимым мусорных баков, как миниатюрные вертолёты. Однажды вечером, они оба выпили дюжину пива, Марлен была ужалена осой. — Убери этих паразитов! — сказала она. Её глаза были затуманены гневом, безжизненные в жарком помещении. — Сожги их! Кейс, напившись, потряс шкаф в поисках дракона Ролло. Ролло был бывшим — и, как подозревал тогда Кейс, всё ещё периодическим — другом Марлен, пышным моторомадом из Сан-Франциско с окрашенным в блонд бородавчатым волосами на тёмном гребне. Дракон был фрисой из Фресно, толстой и угловатой, как большая лampa. Кейс проверил батареи, потряс дракона, чтобы убедиться, что в баке достаточно бензина, и вышел к открытому окну. На улице начался гул. 159

В узком переулке он приблизился к обугленному гнезду с драконом в руке. Оно было разрушено. Обжёгшиеся осы скручивались и извивались на асфальте. Он увидел, что скрывала серая бумажная оболочка. Ужасно. Спиральная детская комната с отступающими рядами ячеек для инкубации, в которых дрожали слепые клещи нерождённых личинок, различные стадии от яйца до личинки, от почти-осы до осы. Его проницательное зрение делало временные снимки, расшифровывая структуру как биологическое аналогичное автоматическому оружию с коварной точностью. Чужеродное. Он нажал на спусковой крючок, забыл предзагрузить и бензин распылился над вздрагивающим, колеблющимся жизнью у его ног. Когда он нажал на пульт, устройство взорвалось глухим ударом. Кейс оторвал одну бровь. На пятом этаже он услышал смех Марлен через открытое окно. Он проснулся с ощущением угасающего света, но в комнате было темно. Остатки образов, мерцающие глаза. За окном на небе начинало светать рассвет. Больше не слышно было никаких голосов, только шум воды у подножия интерконтинентального отеля. В своём сне он видел, как перед тем, как залить гнездо бензином, на стороне гнезда был логотип Т-А Тессер-Ашпул, будто бы вложенный самыми осами. Молли настаивала, чтобы он причислил себя к браунеру, потому что его сплошная кожа в спроуле, как она сказала, действительно выделялась. — Боже мой, — сказал он, стоя перед зеркалом голым, — ты думаешь, это выглядит реалистично? Молли, которая стояла рядом с ним, нанесла остаток тона на его левую щёку.  — Нет, но это показывает, что тебе не безразличен твой внешний вид. Так. Для ноги у нас больше ничего нет. Она встала. 161
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He threw the empty tube into the wide wicker basket. Nothing in that room looked industrially made or of plastic. Expensive, as Case knew. Yet he had never been able to warm to this style. The temper foam on the enormous bed looked like sand because of its colour. There was a lot of light wood and hand-woven cloth. "What's with you?" he said. "Are you tanning too?" She didn't look like someone who spent all day in the sun. She wore black silk and black espadrilles. "I'm an exotic," she said, "and I have a wide straw hat to match." You want to look like a cheap hooker who takes whatever comes her way, so this temporary tan is fine." Case glared at his pale foot and then looked at himself in the mirror. "Damn it. What am I supposed to wear?" He went to the bed and slipped into his jeans. "Did you sleep well? Did you see any light?" "I had a dream," she answered, chewing on her croissant.

Case told her about his attempt to crack AI in Bern. The whole question of failure seemed academic. If Armitage was listening, then through Wintermute. "And was it real?" she asked, mouth full of cheese croissant. "Like Simstim?" He nodded. "Real like this," he added and looked around. "Maybe even more real."

The trees were small, gnarled, impossible to be old, the result of genetic manipulation and chemical treatment. Case would have been in trouble had he needed to distinguish a pine from an oak, but his street-smart sense told him these specimens were too cute, too obviously tree-like. Between the trees, sunshades cast by gentle, sweetly green hills, whose irregularity seemed planned, provided shade for hotel guests from the relentless Acheson-Lado sunlight. French chatter at a nearby table piqued his curiosity: the golden children he had seen flying kites over the misty river the night before. Now he noticed their tans were uneven, a stencil effect caused by selective melanin enhancement, with different tones overlapping in straight lines and muscles highlighted like gleaming metal. The girl's small firm breasts, a boy's forearm on the white enameled table. They looked like racing machines to Case; they deserved stickers from their hairdresser, from the designer of their white sailcloth outfit, from the maker of their leather sandals and simple jewelry. Behind them sat three Japanese wives in sack cloth from Hiroshima, waiting for their sarari men - oval faces artificially tanned; a very conservative style, as he knew, that he had rarely seen in Chiba.

"What's that smell?" Case asked Molly, wrinkling his nose. "Grass. It smells like freshly mown grass." Armitage and Riviera joined them just as they finished their coffee; Armitage in a tailored khaki uniform that looked as if the regimental stripes had just been torn off, Riviera in a wide grey crepe suit that reminded him perversely of a zoo keeper's outfit.

"Molly, love," Riviera said, barely settling down in his chair, "I need a new batch of my medicine. I've run out."

"And if I don't want to?" Molly smiled without showing her teeth.

"You have to," Riviera told Armitage with a short look. "Give it to him!" Armitage ordered.

"Sounds delicious, doesn't it?" She pulled a flat package wrapped in foil from a pocket and threw it across the table. Riviera caught it. "Could kill you," she told Armitage.

"I have to try it this afternoon," Riviera said, smiling, "and be in top shape." He vanished the foil packet into his palm and smiled. Tiny glittering insects fluttered up from it and dispersed. He put the package in the pocket of his crepe blouson.

"You've got a sample too, Case, this afternoon," Armitage said. "On the tug. You go right over to the pro shop, get yourself a vacuum suit adjusted, and then head out on the tug! You've got about three hours."

"Why are we driving an old mill while both of you take a JAL taxi?" Case asked without looking at Armitage.

"Zion suggested we use the tug," Armitage explained. "Good cover for our movements. I even have a bigger ship ready, but this tug will do."

"What about me?" Molly asked. "Is there work for me today?"

"You walk up to the other end of the axis," Armitage said, "and practice in zero-g. Maybe tomorrow you can climb in the other direction."

Straylight, Case thought.

"When?" he asked into the staring face.

"Soon," Armitage answered. "Get going, Case!"

"You're doing great, you are," Maelcum said as he helped Case out of the red vacuum suit. "Aerol says you're doing great." Aerol had been waiting at one of the sports ramps at the end of the spindle near the weightless axis. To get there, Case had ridden down in a lift to the hull and then changed into a miniature induction suit. As the spindle diameter decreased, so did the gravitational pull; somewhere above him, he estimated, were the tracks Molly had climbed, the velodrome for kite flyers, and mini-microlights launch pads.

Aerol had transferred him to a skeletal roller with chemical propulsion.

"Two hours ago," Maelcum said, "I took delivery of a Babylon for you; a nice Japanese boy in a yacht, a really nice yacht."

Free from the suit, Case carefully pulled on the Hosaka and slipped into the net harness. "Well, let's see what we've got here."

Maelcum presented a white, almost head-sized foam bundle, hooked up a spring knife with a pearl-handled green nylon string from the pocket of his tattered jeans, and sliced open the plastic visibly. He removed a rectangular object, which he handed to Case. "Does this belong to a cannon, you?"

"No," Case said, turning the thing over. "But it's a weapon. A virus."

"Not on this good tug, you," Maelcum exclaimed and grabbed the steel cassette. "A program. Virus program. Can't be in you...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He pushed off, floating past the control console and getting to work on a sealing card. Case looked away from the whirring fibers of the transparent sealing mass. He couldn't explain it, but somehow that stuff was making his SAS worse.

"What is this?" he asked Hosaka, "This package for me?"

"Encrypted data transfer from Bockris Systems GmbH, Frankfurt," Hosaka replied, "says the shipment contains the penetration program Kuang Grade Mark 11. Bockris further states that the interface is compatible with Ono-Sendai Kyberspace 7 and offers optimal penetration possibilities, especially in relation to existing military systems..."

"How about AI?"

"Existing military systems and artificial intelligences."

"Wow. What did you call it?"

"Kuang Grade Mark 11."

"Chinese?"

"Yes."

Case stuck the virus program with silver tape to the side of Hosaka, Molly's story from her day in Macao suddenly coming back to him. That afternoon, she had crossed the border into Zhongshan.

"Right," he said, changing his mind. "Who owns Bockris, the company in Frankfurt?"

"Hold on," Hosaka replied, "Interorbital transmission."

166

"Coding. Standard Commercial Code."

"Done."

He drummed his fingers on the Ono-Sendai console.

"Reinhold Scientific AG, Bern."

"The whole thing again. Who owns Reinhold?"

Three more steps up the ladder were required before he reached Tessier-Ashpool.

"Dixie," he said as he plugged in, "what do you know about Chinese virus programs?"

"Not much."

"Ever heard of a Gradersystem like Kuang Mark 11?"

"No."

Case sighed. "Well, I've got here a user-friendly Chinese icebreaker, single cassettes. Some people in Frankfurt claim it could crack an AI."

"Sure," Armitage said, "possible if it's military."

"Looks that way. Let me tell you, Dix, and help me with your background, okay? Armitage seems to be planning something with an AI that belongs to Tessier-Ashpool. The mainframe is in Bern, but linked to Rio. That in Rio is what made you brain dead the first time. So it appears the connection goes through Straylight, T-A's home base at the end of the spindle, and we're supposed to get access with the Chinese icebreaker." If Wintermute is behind the whole show, he pays us to get close. And to him himself. And something called Wintermute has been trying to get in touch with me so I might be able to dupe Armitage.

"What's the motive," the construct asked, "that's what's really a problem with an AI. Not human, you understand?"

167

"Well, yeah, obviously."

"No. I mean, an AI isn't human. And you can't quite get your hands on it. I'm not human either, but at least I react like one, do you see?"

"Hold on a second," Case said, "are you sentient or not?"

"Well, in my perception, yes, boy, but essentially I'm just a heap of ROM. That's another philosophical question, I guess..."

The sound of ugly laughter echoed through Case's spine. "But it's unlikely I'd write poems if you get what I mean. That's in the AI." But she isn't human, he thought.

"So we can't quite figure out her motives?"

"She's her own master."

"Swiss citizenship, but T-A technically owns software and mainframe."

"Good joke," the construct said, "as if I'd say I own your brain and what you know, but your thoughts have Swiss citizenship. Sure. Good luck, AI."

"So she's trying to get in herself?" Case began nervously tapping at random on the deck. The matrix flickered and dissolved. He saw complex pink spheres of a Sikkim steel combine.

"Autonomy," he said, "that's what scares the hell out of these guys, preventing them from becoming any smarter." I'm not sure how you tell the difference between a step taken by the parent corporation and one initiated by the AI herself, so chaos starts right there.

168

Silence again.

"Look at those things," Case said, "they can really work hard, break free to write a cookbook or something, but in that nanosecond when they start thinking about how to get smarter, Turing kicks in. Nobody trusts these things, believe me." Every AI ever built has an electromagnetic cannon attached to its forehead.

Case stared at the pink spheres of Sikkim. "Okay," he said finally, "I'll feed the virus in. Take a look at her command structure and tell me what you think." The uneasy feeling that someone was watching over his shoulder vanished for a moment then returned. "Hot stuff, Case. It's a slow virus. Takes about six hours to crack a military target."

"Or an AI," he added, sighing. "Can we nuke it?"

"Sure," the construct replied, "as long as you're not afraid of dying."

"You repeat yourself," Case said.

"That's just my way."

Molly was asleep when he returned to the Intercontinental. He sat on the balcony and watched a microlight with rainbow-colored polymer wings chase the curve of Freeside and cast its triangular shadow on fields and roofs; finally, it vanished behind the band of the Lado-Acheson system.

"I want to take off," Case told the blue artificial horizon. "I need a full blowjob, get my balls pumped, stop this bleeding, let me go."

169

He left without waking Molly, as he thought. He wasn't sure about the lenses. Shaking off his tension, he stepped into the elevator. A tall Italian woman in pristine white rode up with him. Her cheeks and nose were matte black-powdered. Her white nylon shoes had nailed soles. The expensive-looking thing in her right hand resembled a miniature paddle crossed with an orthotic brace. She was probably on her way to some fast ball game Case didn't know about.

On the rooftop lawn, he made his way through the tree and sunshade forest and found a swimming pool. Naked bodies glistened on the turquoise tiles. He stepped under the shade of a marquee and pressed his chip against a dark glass plate. "Sushi," he said, "or something like that." Ten minutes later, a hurried Chinese waiter arrived with his meal. He chewed raw tuna and rice and watched people tanning.

"Jesus," he said to his tuna, "I'm going crazy."

"Don't say it," someone replied, "I know for a fact you're a gangster."

He looked up, blinking in the sunband. Long, youthful body, melanin-enhanced tan, but not in the Paris style. She sat down next to him; water dripped onto the tiles.

"Cath," he said.

After a pause: "Lupus."

"What kind of name is that?"

"Greek," he said.

"Are you really a gangster?" The melanin had not prevented the development of freckles.

"A junkie, Cath."

"Which kind?"

"Stimulants. Stimulants for the central nervous system."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Stem. Superstarke Stimulanzien fürs zentrale Nervensystem. « Nun, hast du welche? » Sie beugte sich näher. Chlorwasser tröpfelte auf sein Hosenbein, « Nein, das ist mein Problem, Cath. Weißt du wo wir was kriegen können? » Cath wippte auf den braunen Fersen und leckte an einer brünetten Haarsträhne, die an ihrem Mund klebte. « Auf was stehst du? » « Nicht auf Coke, nicht auf Amphetamin. Muss powern, echt powern. » Und das war's dann, dachte er wehmütig, aber lächelte ihretwegen. « Betaphenethylamin », sagte sie. « Kein Problem, aber geht auf deinen Chip. » « Du spinnst », sagte Caths Partner und Zimmergenosse, als Case das Besondere an seiner Bauchspeicheldrüse aus Chiba erläuterte. « Ich meine, kannst du sie nicht verklagen oder so? Auf Kunstfehler? » Der Typ hieß Bruce und glich Cath wie eine männliche Zwillingsversion bis zur letzten Sommersprosse. « Nun », sagte Case, « das ist halt so'ne Sache, verstehst du? Gewebeverträglichkeit und so. » Aber schon wurden Bruces Augen trübe vor Langeweile. Hat die Aufmerksamkeitsspanne einer Mücke, dachte Case, die braunen Augen studierend. Ihr Zimmer war kleiner als das von Molly und Case und lag in einem tieferen Stockwerk. Fünf riesige Chi-ba-Chromotypien von Tally Isham klebten an der gläsernen Balkontür und deuteten auf einen längeren Aufenthalt hin. « Echt affengeil, was? » fragte Cath, als sie sah, dass er die transparenten Bilder betrachtete. « Von mir. In der S/N-Pyramide aufgenommen, als wir das letzte Mal den Schacht runtergingen. War so nahe und lächelte so na 171

natürlich. Und es war schlimm dort, Lupus. Am Tag davor hatten die Christkönig-Terroristen Engel ins Leitungswasser gekippt, weißt du? » « Ja », sagte Case, plötzlich nervös, « schlimme Sache. » « So », fügte Bruce hinzu, « zum Beta, das du kaufen willst... » « Die Frage ist, ob's mein Stoffwechsel umsetzen kann? » Case zog die Brauen hoch. « Ich sag dir was », meinte der Typ. « Probier's einfach! Wenn's deine Bauchspeicheldrüse durchläßt, geht's auf die Rechnung des Hauses. Das erste Mal kostet nichts. » « Den Spruch kenn ich », sagte Case und nahm das hellblaue Derm in Empfang, das Bruce ihm über die schwarze Bettdecke zusteckte. « Case? » Molly setzte sich im Bett auf und schüttelte sich die Haare aus den Linsen. « Wer sonst, Süße? » « Was ist in dich gefahren? » Die Linsen folgten ihm durchs Zimmer. « Hab vergessen, wie man es ausspricht », sagte er, während er einen fest zusammengerollten, in durchsichtiges Plastik verpackten Streifen blauer Derms aus seiner Hemdtasche zog. « Herrgott », sagte sie, « das hat uns gerade noch gefehlt. » « Ein selten wahres Wort. » « Kaum lass ich dich für zwei Stunden aus den Augen, holst du dir Dope. » Sie schüttelte den Kopf. « Ich hoffe, du bist bereit für unser großes Dinner mit Armitage heut' Abend. In diesem 20. Jahrhundert-Laden. Wir werden auch sehen, wie Riviera seine Action rüberbringt. » « Ja », sagte Case und streckte seinen Rücken. Sein Mund war zur verzückten Grinse erstarrt. « Wunderbar. » « Mann », sagte sie, « falls das Zeug, das du dir reingezogen hast, durch die Sperre kommt, die sie dir in Chiba eingebaut haben, wirst du mächtig durchhängen, wenn die Wirkung nachläßt. » « Motz motz motz », sagte er und schnallte seinen Gürtel auf. « Horror, Terror. Alles, was ich je zu hören kriege. » Er zog seine Jeans aus, das Hemd, die Unterhose. « Ich finde, du solltest so viel Verstand haben, meinen unnatürlichen Zustand auszunützen. » Er blickte an sich hinab. « Ich meine, sieh dir den unnatürlichen Zustand an! » Sie lachte. « Wird nicht lange dauern. » 172

« Case, was fehlt dir denn? » fragte Armitage, als der Kellner sie an ihren Tisch im Vingtième Siècle führte. Es war das kleinste und teuerste von mehreren schwimmenden Restaurants auf einem kleinen See in der Nähe des Intercontinental. Case schauderte. Bruce hatte mit keinem Wort Nachwirkungen erwähnt. Er versuchte, ein Glas Eiswasser zu heben, aber seine Hände zitterten zu stark. « Hab vielleicht was Verkehrtes gegessen. » « Ich möchte, dass du dich von einem Arzt untersuchen lässt », sagte Armitage. « Nur so 'ne Histaminreaktion », log Case. « Bekomme ich manchmal auf Reisen; andere Küche und so. » Armitage trug einen dunklen Anzug, der zu förmlich für den Laden wirkte, und ein weißes Seidenhemd. Sein Goldarmband rasselte, als er sein Weinglas hob und trank. « Hab für euch bestellt », sagte er. Molly und Armitage aßen schweigend, während Case fahrig an seinem Steak herumstocherte, es in handliche Bissen zersägte, die er nicht aß, sondern in der dicken Sauce hin und her schob; schließlich stieß er den Teller weg. « Herrje », sagte Molly, die alles aufgegessen hatte, « mir her. Weißt du, was das kostet? » Sie nahm seinen Teller. « Müssen ein ganzes Tier jahrelang mästen und dann schlachten. Ist kein Laborzeug. » Sie spießte einen Bissen auf die Gabel und kaute. « Keinen Hunger », brachte Case mit Mühe hervor. Sein Hirn war tiefgefroren. Nein, es war, wie er fand, in eine Friteuse gesteckt worden; das heiße Fett war abgekühlt und bildete eine dicke, wächserne Schicht um die runzligen Lappen, durch die grünlich-rote, schmerzende Blitze zuckten. « Du siehst verdammt schlecht aus », meinte Molly unbekümmert. Case probierte den Wein. Durch das Betaphenethylamin schmeckte er wie Jodtinktur. Die Beleuchtung wurde gedämpft.  « Le Restaurant Vingtième Siècle », verkündete eine körperlose Stimme mit ausgeprägtem Sprawl-Akzent, « präsentiert stolz das holographische Cabaret von Mr. Peter Riviera. » Vereinzelter Applaus von den anderen Tischen. Ein Kellner zündete eine Kerze an und stellte sie in die Mitte ihres Tisches, woraufhin er das Geschirr abräumte. Bald flackerte auf jedem der ein Dutzend Tische im Restaurant eine Kerze. Die Gläser wurden nachgefüllt.  « Was passiert jetzt? » fragte Case Armitage, der keine Antwort gab. Molly stocherte mit burgunderroten Nägeln in ihren Zähnen herum. 173

« Guten Abend », sagte Riviera, der auf einer kleinen Bühne am anderen Ende des Restaurants erschien. Case blinzelte. In seinem Elend war ihm die Bühne gar nicht aufgefallen. Er hatte nicht gesehen, woher Riviera kam. Er wurde zusehends unruhiger. Zunächst glaubte er, es sei ein mechanisches Gerät, das sich bewegte. Dann erkannte er, dass es ein Mensch war, der in einem weißen Gewand mit silbernen Verzierungen stand und eine Aura umgab, die an ein Hologramm erinnerte. « Heute abend », sagte Riviera mit leuchtenden Augen, « möchte ich ein längeres Stück für Sie darbieten. Ein neues Werk. » Ein schimmernder Rubin schien auf der Handfläche seiner nach oben gekehrten Rechten zu erscheinen. Er ließ ihn fallen. Eine graue Taube flatterte auf von der Stelle, wo er aufschlug und verschwand in die Schatten. Jemand stieß einen Pfiff aus. Mehr Applaus. « Das Werk heißt Die Puppe. » Riviera senkte die Hände. « Ich möchte die heutige Premiere Lady 3Jane Ma- rie-France Tessier-Ashpool widmen. » Höflicher Applaus. Als er verklungen war, schien Rivieras Blick zu ihrem Tisch zu wandern. « Und einer anderen Dame. » Die Restaurantbeleuchtung ging kurz aus, so dass nur noch die Kerzen brannten. Rivieras holographische Aura war mit dem Licht verblaßt, aber Case konnte ihn noch sehen, wie er mit gebeugtem Kopf dastand. Allmählich formierten sich schwache Lichtzeilen, vertikal und horizontal, und bildeten einen offenen Würfel um die Bühne. Gedämpftes Licht ging im Restaurant an. Das Gerüst, das die Bühne umgab, erweckte den Eindruck einer magischen Welt.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
An impression of consisting of frozen moonbeams. With head bowed, eyes closed, arms stiff at his sides, Riviera quivered with intense concentration. Suddenly the ghostly cube filled up, became a room lacking a fourth wall, allowing spectators to peer in. Riviera seemed slightly more relaxed. He lifted his head but kept his eyes shut. "I've always lived in this room," he said. "As far as I know, I've never lived anywhere else." The white plaster on the room's walls had yellowed. Two pieces of furniture stood inside: a simple wooden chair and a white-lacquered iron bed. The paint was chipped, worn off, revealing black metal underneath. The mattress on the bed was unmade. Spots of faded brown streaked it. A light bulb hung from a twisted, black cable over the bed. Case noticed a thick layer of dust on the bulb's upper curve. Riviera opened his eyes. "I've always been alone in this room." He sat down facing the bed, on the chair. The blue coal glowed still in the black blossom at his lapel. "I don't remember when I started dreaming about her," he said, "but I do recall that she was initially just an insignificant shadow." A movement on the bed. Case blinked. Gone. "I couldn't hold her in my thoughts," he continued, "but I wanted to hold her, keep her and more..." His voice rang clearly in the silent restaurant. Ice clinked in a glass. Someone chuckled. Someone whispered something in Japanese. "If I could make just a tiny part of her visible... if I could see it clearly, in brilliant focus," he pondered. A woman's hand lay on the mattress now. Her fingers were pale. Riviera leaned forward, took the hand and gently stroked it. The fingers moved. He brought the hand to his mouth and licked the knuckles. His nails were burgundy-red polish. Case saw a hand but not an amputated one; the skin ended intact, smooth, unscarred. It reminded him of the tattooed, rectangular piece of laborer-made flesh he had seen in a window display at Ninsei's surgical boutique. Riviera held the hand to his lips and licked the palm. The fingers timidly stroked his face. But now a second hand lay on the bed. When Riviera reached for it, the first hand's fingers wrapped around his wrist like skin and bone. The sequence unfolded with its own surreal logic. Arms followed. Feet. Legs. Beautiful legs. Case felt his skull throb. His throat was dry. He drank some wine. Riviera was now in the bed, naked. His clothes had been part of the projection but Case didn't remember seeing them disappear. The black flower lay at the foot of the bed, still glowing blue from within. Then the torso formed, with Riviera caressing it: white, headless and perfect, shimmering slightly with sweat. Molly's body. Case gaped. Yet it wasn't Molly; it was how Riviera envisioned her. The breasts didn't match, the nipples were too dark. Riviera and the bodiless torso rolled on the bed, embraced by hands with glowing nails. The bed was now covered in yellowed, frayed lace that left deep folds and tore upon touch. Dust danced around Riviera and the writhing limbs, the quickening, pinching, caressing hands. Case looked at Molly. Her face was expressionless; Riviera's projection's colors flickered in her eyes. Armitage sat hunched forward, his hands on the wine glass stem, his bright eyes fixed on the stage, the dim room. Now the torso and limbs melded together, sending a shiver down Riviera's spine. The head attached, completing the picture. It was Molly's face with smooth mercury-like eyes. Riviera and the Molly-form intensified their copulation. Then the form slowly stretched out its hand and bared its five blades. With languid, dreamlike care, it sliced into Riviera's back. Case caught a brief glimpse of the exposed vertebrae but he was already on his feet, staggering to the door. He vomited over a rosewood railing into the still lake. The feeling that his head was stretched like a screw vanished. Kneeling and pressing his cheek against the cool wood, he gazed across the shallow lake at the lights of Rue Jules Verne. Case knew this medium phenomenon; when he was still a teenager it was called "Real Dream" in the sprawl. He remembered slender Puerto Ricans dreaming under streetlights to funky salsa music: dream girls twirled and shook themselves to the rhythm, and spectators clapped along. Of course, that required an entire truckload of equipment and an awkwardly fitted electrode helmet. What Riviera was experiencing was being transmitted. Case shook his throbbing head and spat into the lake. He could picture the end, the finale: a perverse symmetry where Riviera assembles the dream girl who disassembles him. With these hands. Dream blood on the frayed lace. Cheers from the restaurant, applause. Case stood up and smoothed his clothes with his hands. He turned around and went back to the Vingtième Siècle. Molly's chair was empty. The stage was also empty. Armitage sat alone at the table, still staring at the stage, his hands on the wine glass stem. "Where is she?" Case asked. "Gone," Armitage replied. "Will you follow her?" "No." A fine clinking sound. Armitage looked at the glass. In his left hand he held a red-wine filled glass bowl. The broken stem jutted up like an icicle. Case took the bowl from him and placed it in a water glass. "Tell me where she is, Armitage," Case demanded. The lights came on. Case met Armitage's bright eyes. Nothing to see there. "She's preparing herself," Armitage said. "You won't see her again. When this thing kicks off, you'll be back together." "Why did Riviera do that to her?" Case inquired. Armitage stood up and straightened his jacket lapel. "Sleep it off, Case!" he advised. "Are we leaving tomorrow?" Armitage smiled his meaningless smile and walked towards the exit. Case rubbed his forehead and looked around. The guests were rising; ladies laughed at the men's jokes. Only now did he notice the discreetly darkened balcony where candles still burned. He heard clinking of silverware, muffled conversation. The candles cast dancing shadows on the ceiling.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Das Mädchen mit dem Gesicht wie ein Projektion der Riviera erschien unvermittelt. Die schmalen Hände auf dem glänzenden Holgeländer beugte sie sich vor und schaute aus dunklen Augen verzückt herunter, als glaubte sie, er würde zu ihr hinabschauen. Zum Bühnenbereich. Es war ein bezaubernder Anblick, aber kein besonders schöner. Ovaler Gesichtsausdruck, hohe Wangenknochen, die fragil wirkten, breiter, strenger Mund, zu dem die schmale Hakennase mit gebogenen Flügeln seltsamen Ausgleich schuf. Sie war schon wieder weg: versunken in das vertraute Gelächter und den Tanz der Kerzen. Als er das Restaurant verließ, bemerkte er die beiden jungen Franzosen mit ihrer Freundin, die auf ein Boot zum anderen Ufer und zum nächsten Casino warteten. Es war still in ihrem Zimmer und der Temperschaum glatt wie ein Strand nach der Flut. Ihre Tasche war verschwunden. Er suchte nach einer Nachricht. Nichts. Es dauerte eine Weile, bis er in seiner Aufregung und Enttäuschung die Szene hinter dem Fensterglas registrierte. Er blickte auf und sah Desiderata, teure Geschäfte: Gucci, Tsuyako, Hermes, Liberty. Er schaute hin und ging dann kopfschüttelnd zu einer Schalttafel, mit der er sich noch nicht befasst hatte. Er stellte das Hologramm ab und wurde mit dem Blick auf die Eigentumswohnanlagen belohnt, die terrassenartig den anderen Hang bedeckten. Mit dem Telefon bewaffnet trat er auf den kühlen Balkon hinaus. "Ich brauche eine Nummer für Marcus Garvey", sagte er zur Brücke. "Das ist ein Schlepper, kommend aus Zion und so registriert." Die Chipstimme nannte eine zehnstellige Nummer. "Herr", fügte sie hinzu, "die Registrierung lautet allerdings auf Panama." Maelcum nahm beim fünften Klingelton ab. "Ja?" 181

"Case. Hast du ein Modem?" "Ja. Am Navigationscomputer, weißt schon." "Kannst du das abnehmen? Mann? Steck's an meinen Hosaka! Dann schalt den Deck ein! Der geriffelte Knopf." "Wie geht es dir da drin?" "Nun, ich brauche Hilfe." "Schon unterwegs, du. Hol das Modem!" Case lauschte dem statischen Rauschen, während Maelcum den einfachen Telefonkoppler ansteckte. "Hacken", sagte er zu Hosaka, als er ihn piepen hörte. "Du sprichst von einem stark überwachten Ort", teilte der Computer pedantisch mit. "Scheiße", sagte er. "Vergiss das Eis! Kein Eis. Schalt die Konstruktion aus! Dixie?" "He, Case." Die Flatline sprach durch den Sprachchip des Hosaka, wobei der sorgfältig konstruierte Akzent völlig verlorenging. "Dix, du wirst jetzt hier einsteigen und mir etwas herausholen! Meinetwegen ganz offen. Molly ist irgendwo hier drin, und ich will wissen wo. Ich bin in 335W, im Intercontinental. Sie war hier auch angemeldet, aber ich weiß nicht unter welchem Namen. Steig über die Leitung ein und geh ihre Aufzeichnungen für mich durch!" "Gesagt, getan", meinte die Flatline. Case hörte den blassen Invasionston. Er lächelte. "Erledigt. Rose Kolodny. Abgereist. Es dauert ein paar Minuten, bis ich das Sicherheitsnetz entsprechend gekratzt habe, um heranzukommen." "Los!" Das Telefon wimmerte und klickte unter dem Sturm der Konstruktion. Case trug es ins Schlafzimmer zurück und legte den Hörer nach oben gekehrt auf den Temperschaum. Er ging ins Bad und putzte sich die Zähne. Als er wieder herauskam, schaltete der Braun-Monitor der Audiovisionsanlage im Zimmer an. Ein japanischer Popstar, ruhend auf metallischen Kissen. Ein unsichtbarer Interviewer, der auf Deutsch Fragen stellte. Case schaute. Blaue Interferenzstreifen flackerten über den Bildschirm. 182

"Case, Süßer, bist du übergeschnappt, Mann?" Die Stimme war schleppend, vertraut. Die yerglaste Balkonwand bot wieder den Blick auf Desiderata, aber die Straßenszene wurde verschwommen, verzerrt, blendete ins leere Jarre des Chiba. Rotes Neongekritzel, von den verspiegelten Wänden ins Unendliche vervielfacht. Lonny Zone, groß und leichenblaß, trat mit den trägen, fließenden Unterwasserbewegungen seiner Drogensucht vor. Er stand allein zwischen den quadratischen Tischen, die Hände in den Taschen seiner grauen Kammgarnhose. "Echt, Mann, du siehst ganz schön abgehakt aus." Die Stimme kam aus dem Braun-Lautsprecher. "Wintermute", sagte Case. Der Zuhälter zuckte lässig die Achseln und lächelte. "Wo ist Molly?" "Das kann dir egal sein. Du gehst heute hoch, Case. Die Flatline durchstreift ganz Freeside. Das hätte ich dir nicht zugetraut, Mann. Es passt nicht zu deinem Profil." "Dann sag mir, wo sie ist, und ich lasse die Flatline zurück." Zone schüttelte den Kopf. "Es gelingt dir nicht besonders gut, deine Frauen im Auge zu behalten, was, Case? Du verlierst sie ständig auf eine oder andere Weise." "Ich fetz dir das Ding um die Ohren", sagte Case. "Nein. Die Güte hast du nicht, Mann, das weiß ich. Weißt du, was, Case? Ich glaube, du warst es, der Deane sagte, deine kleine Hure in Chiba kalt zu machen." 183

"Schluss", sagte Case und machte unwillkürlich einen Schritt in Richtung Fenster. "Aber hab's nicht getan. Was macht das schon? Was spielt das schon für eine Rolle für Mr. Case? Hör auf, dir was vorzumachen! Ich kenne deine Linda, Mann. Ich kenne alle Lindas. Die Lindas sind ein Kollektivprodukt meiner Arbeitsweise." "Warum hat sie dich dann beklaut?", fragte Case. "Liebe. Damit sie dir egal ist. Liebe? Willst du von Liebe reden? Sie hat dich geliebt. Das weiß ich. Sie hat dich geliebt, so weit dieses nutzlose Ding lieben konnte. Du konntest damit nicht umgehen. Sie ist tot." Die Faust von Case prallte von der Scheibe ab. "Verfluch deine Hände, Mann! Du musst bald in die Tasten hauen." Zone verschwand, abgelöst vom nächtlichen Freeside mit den Lichtern der Eigentumswohnanlagen. Der Braun schaltete sich aus. Vom Bett piepte leise das Telefon.  "Case?" Die Flatline wartete. "Wo warst du? Ich hab's, aber es ist nicht viel." Die Konstruktion leierte eine Adresse herunter. "Der Laden hat ein komisches Eis, das ihn als Nightclub ausweist. Das ist alles, was ich herausbekommen konnte, ohne eine Visitenkarte hinterlassen zu haben."  "Okay", meinte Case. "Sag dem Hosaka, er soll Maelcum sagen, dass er das Modem abnimmt. Danke, Dix." "Bitte." Er saß lange auf dem Bett und kostete das Neue, den Schatz aus. Zorn.  "He, Lupus. He, Cath, der Gangster", rief Case freudig aus der Dusche. "Ich hab' eine Dreirad-Honda", sagte Bruce mit einem öden Grinsen. "Lass uns gehen!" sagte Case. 185

"In dem Geschoß sind die Kabinen", erklärte Bruce und wiederholte sich zum achten Mal die Adresse von Case. Er stieg wieder in die Honda. Kondenswasser tropfte vom Auspuff der Wasserstoffzelle, als das rote Fiberglas-Chassis auf den verchromten Stoßdämpfern schaukelte. "Wird's lang dauern?"  "Ich weiß es nicht. Aber wartet."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Er stand da, steckte sich eine Zigarette an und blickte über die Tische. Plötzlich verstand er Freeside. Geschäfte. Die Luft knisterte förmlich davon. Hier war die Action. Nicht die glänzenden Fassaden der Rue Jules Verne, sondern hier war das Gelbe vom Ei. Kommen. Der Reigen. Das gemischte Publikum bestand etwa zur Hälfte aus Touristen, zur anderen Hälfte aus Einheimischen. "Runter", sagte er zu einem vorbeikommenden Kellner. "Ich will runter." Er zeigte seinen Freeside-Chip. Der Mann deutete in den hinteren Teil des Clubs. Er ging rasch an den voll besetzten Tischen vorbei, hörte Gesprächsfetzen in einem halben Dutzend europäischer Sprachen. "Eine Kabine", sagte er zur Frau, die an einem niedrigen Tisch saß und ein Terminal auf dem Schoß hatte. "Untergeschoss." Er reichte ihr seinen Chip. "Besondere Wünsche zum Geschlecht?" Sie strich mit dem Chip über eine Glasplatte an der Frontseite des Terminals. "Weiblich", sagte er automatisch. "Nummer fünfunddreißig. Benutzen Sie das Telefon, wenn Sie nicht zufrieden sind. Sie können sich im Voraus ansehen, was wir anzubieten haben, wenn Sie möchten." Lächelnd gab sie ihm den Chip zurück. Hinter ihr ging ein Aufzug auf. Der Korridor war blau beleuchtet. Case trat aus dem Aufzug und entschied sich für eine Richtung. Numerierte Türen. Stille wie in den Hallen einer teuren Klinik. Er fand seine Kabine, während er nach der von Molly suchte. Verwirrt hob er seinen Chip und drückte ihn gegen den schwarzen Sensor direkt unter dem Nummernschild. Magnetschloss. Das Geräusch erinnerte ihn an das Billighotel. 186

Das Mädchen auf dem Bett setzte sich auf und sprach ihn auf Deutsch an. Ihr Blick war gelöst. Sie blinzelte nicht. Automatisierte Steuerung. Nervenunterbrechung. Er trat zurück und schloss die Kabinentür. Die Tür der Kabine 43 war wie die anderen. Er zögerte. Die Stille im Korridor ließ darauf schließen, dass die Kabinen schalldicht waren. Sinnlos, es mit dem Chip zu versuchen. Er klopfte mit den Handknöcheln gegen das beschichtete Metall. Nichts. Die Tür schien jedes Geräusch zu verschlucken. Er drückte den Chip gegen die schwarze Platte. Die Bolzen klickten. Sie hatte ihn irgendwie getroffen, bevor die Tür ganz offen war. Er war auf den Knien, die Stahltür im Rücken. Zentimeter vor seinen Augen tanzten die Klingen ihrer steifen Daumen... "Herrgott", sagte sie und kniff ihm ins Gesicht, als er aufstand. "Idiotisch von dir, das zu probieren. Wie hast du die Schlösser aufgebracht, Case? Bist du in Ordnung?" Sie beugte sich über ihn. "Chip", sagte er, nach Luft schnappend. Schmerz breitete sich von seiner Brust aus. Sie half ihm auf die Beine und schob ihn in die Kabine. "Hast du die Angestellte oben bestochen?" Er schüttelte den Kopf und fiel aufs Bett. "Einatmen. Zählen. Eins, zwei, drei, vier. Luft anhalten. Jetzt ausatmen. Zählen." Er hielt sich den Bauch. "Du hast mich getreten", keuchte er. "Hätte tiefer zielen sollen. Ich will allein sein. Meditiere, klar?" Sie setzte sich neben ihn. "Und bekomme eine Einweisung." Sie deutete auf einen kleinen Monitor, der gegenüber dem Bett in die Wand eingelassen war. "Wintermute klärt mich über Straylight auf." "Wo ist die Fleischpuppe?" 187

"Keine da. Das ist der teuerste Sonderwunsch überhaupt." Sie stand auf. Ihre Lederhose und ein weites, dunkles Hemd hatte sie an. "Morgen geht's los", sagte Wintermute. "Was sollte das Ganze im Restaurant? Warum bist du davongelaufen?" "Wenn ich geblieben wäre, Case, hätte ich Riviera wohl umgebracht." "Warum?" "Was er mir angetan hat. Die Show." "Ich verstehe nicht." "Es kostet viel", sagte sie und streckte die rechte Hand aus, als hielte sie eine unsichtbare Frucht. Die fünf Klingen kamen zum Vorschein und schoben sich langsam wieder zurück. "Teuer, nach Chiba zu fahren, teuer, die Operation, teuer, die Aufbereitung des Nervensystems, damit man die entsprechenden Reflexe für das Gerät hat... Weißt du, wie ich das Geld zu Anfang verdiente? Hier. Nicht hier, aber in einem ähnlichen Laden im Slum. Ist zunächst ein Kinderspiel, denn sobald sie dir den Unterbrecher-Chip einpflanzen, ist's locker verdientes Geld. Manchmal wundest du dich auf, aber das ist schon alles. Vermietest deine Güter, das ist alles. Du bist nicht dabei, wenn's passiert. Das Haus hat jede erdenkliche Software, die ein Freier sich leisten kann..." Sie knackte mit ihren Fingerknöcheln. "Fein. Ich bekam mein Geld. Das Problem war, der Unterbrecher und die Schaltung, die sie mir in Chiba eingebaut hatten, waren nicht kompatibel. Die Arbeit sickerte allmählich durch, ich konnte mich langsam erinnern..." Aber es waren nur Träume, und nicht immer schlechte. Sie lächelte. "Dann wurde es seltsam." Sie zog die Zigaretten aus seiner Tasche und zündete sich eine an. "Das Haus fand heraus, was ich mit meinem Geld machte. Ich hatte die Klingen schon drin, aber die neuromotorische Feinarbeit erforderte noch drei Besuche. Auf jeden Fall war ich nicht bereit, das Puppenspiel weiterzumachen." Sie inhalierte, blies den Rauch aus und schickte drei perfekte Ringe hinterher. "Der verdammte Typ, der den Laden geschlossen hatte, ließ eine besondere Software zusammenbrauen. Berlin, das ist der Ort für Sniff, weißt du? Großer Markt für mittelprächtige Kicks, Berlin. Ich erfuhr nie, wer das Programm schrieb, an das sie mich anhängten, aber es war auf die ganzen Klassiker aufgebaut." 188
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Back. I'd been with a client... « She stabbed her fingers deep into the temper foam. »A senator. I knew his fat face. We were swimming in blood. We weren't alone. She was...« - she tugged at the temper foam - »... as dead as a doornail. And that fat arse, he said: "What's going on? What's happening?" Because we weren't finished yet... « She started to shake. »I think I gave the senator what he really wanted, you know?« She stopped shaking. She let go of the foam and ran her fingers through her dark hair. »The house had me under surveillance. I had to lay low for a while.« Case looked at her with wide eyes. »Riviera took a shot last night,« she said. »I guess I'm supposed to develop a mighty hatred for him so that I'm prepared to follow him in there.« »Follow?« »He's already in. In Straylight. On Lady 3Jane's invitation. Because of the dedication and all that. She was there, in some private loge or something...« Case remembered the face he'd seen. »Are you going to kill him?« She smiled coldly. »He'll die, yes. Soon.« »I also had a visitor,« he said, and told her from the window, told her how he'd stumbled upon what Zone-form said about Linda. Molly nodded. »Maybe you should hate something too.« »Maybe I do hate it.« »Maybe you hate yourself, Case.« »Well, how was it?« Bruce asked as Case got into the Honda. 190

»Try it occasionally,« he said and rubbed his eyes. »I can't get it through my head that you're the kind of guy who likes dolls,« Cath said disappointedly while she pressed a fresh Derm to her wrist. »Can we go home now?« Bruce asked. »Sure. Let me out at Rue Jules Verne where the bars are.« The Rue Jules Verne was a ring road that swung around the spindle axis, while Desiderata Street ran along the spindle and ended on both sides at the struts of the Lado-Acheson light pumps. If you turned right from Desiderata and followed Jules Verne far enough, you'd come back to Desiderata on the left. Case watched the Honda disappear as it turned away, then walked past a large, brightly lit newspaper kiosk. On the covers of a dozen Japanese high-gloss magazines were the faces of this month's top simstim stars. Right above him, along the night axis at the Hologramm sky, fantastical constellations reminiscent of playing cards, eyes on a die, a cylinder hat, a martini glass twinkled. The intersection of Desiderata and Jules Verne formed something like a chasm where the terracing balconies of the hillside dwellers gradually rose to the grassy hills of another casino complex. Case observed a drone, a remote-controlled microlight, soaring joyfully into the green edge of an artificial tableland and briefly dipping into the soft glow of the invisible casino's light. The thing was some kind of double-decker without a pilot made of ultra-thin polymer, a silk-screen weave that resembled a giant butterfly. It was already over the table's edge. In the last moment, he'd seen glass flash: either lenses or laser guns. The drones belonged to the spindle's security system and were controlled by a central computer.  In Straylight Villa? He walked past bars named Hi-Lo, Paradise, Le Monde, Cricketeer, Shozoku Smith's, Emergency. He chose Emergency because it was the smallest and most packed, but soon realized it was a tourist hangout. What crackled here wasn't business, but a charged, erotic tension. He briefly thought of the nameless club above Molly's cabin, but the image of her mirrored eyes glued to the small monitor put him off. What would Wintermute reveal there? The floor plans of Straylight Villa? The history of the Tessier-Ashpools?  He ordered a Carlsberg and found a seat at the wall. With his eyes closed, he sought the smoldering ember of his anger. It was still there. Where had it come from? He remembered that he'd been no more than dazed over his disfigurement in Memphis, felt nothing as he murdered to protect his business interests in Night City, experienced revulsion and disgust at Linda's death in the inflated dome. But no anger. In his mind's eye, a faint, distant, blurred Deane exploded in a shower of blood and brain against a blurred office wall. Then he knew: anger arose in the arcade when Wintermute crushed Linda Lee's simstim spirit and thus shattered the simple, animalistic hope for food, warmth, and a place to sleep. But it was only later that he realized this during his conversation with the holographically constructed Lonny Zone.  It was something peculiar. He couldn't measure it. »Stupid,« he said. He'd been numb for a long time, years, since his nights in Ninsei, his nights with Linda. Numb in bed, numb in the sweaty course of every drug deal. But now he'd found this warm thing, this deadly drive.  »Flesh,« something within him said. »It's the flesh that's talking to you. Don't listen!«  »Gangster,« he said. He opened his eyes. Cath stood beside him in a black button-down shirt, her hair still tousled from the Honda ride.  »Thought you wanted to go home,« he said and masked his confusion with a gulp of Carlsberg.  »Let me off at some shop. I bought this.« She ran her hand over the fabric, along the seams. He saw the blue Denim on her wrist. »Do you like it?«  »Sure.« Automatically, he surveyed the faces around him and then looked back at her. »What exactly do you have in mind, sweetheart?«  »Do you like the beta we gave you, Lupus?« She stood very close to him now, radiating warmth and tension. Her pupils were dilated, a tendon tight on her neck like a bowstring. She trembled slightly as the drug took hold. »Did you get high?«  »Yes. But landing is tricky.«  »Then you need another one.«  »And where would that lead?«  »I have a key. Up the mountain behind Paradise, a place only the finest people know about. People are coming down the shaft tonight, on business, if you follow me...«  »If I follow you.« With her hot, dry hands, she took his.  »You're a Yak, what? A gaijin soldier for the Yakuza.«  »You've got an eye for that kind of thing, huh?« He pulled his hand back and searched for a cigarette.  »I saw the girl you're with. The day I met you. She walks like Hideo. It scares me.« She smiled too widely.  »I like it. Does she like women?«  »Never said anything. Who's Hideo?«  »3Jane's right-hand man, as she calls him. A family man.« Case forced himself to stare blankly at the patrons in Emergency while she spoke.  »ThreeJane?«  »Lady 3-Jane. Crazy. Rich. Her father owns everything here.«  »This bar?«  »Freeside!«  »Really, you mix with the best people, huh?« He raised an eyebrow. He put his arm around her, his hand on her hip.  »And how do you learn about Bic Macs like that?«
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Only know, Cath? Are you a secret debutante? You and Bruce, have you secretly inherited an old, overdue debt? Hm?" With splayed fingers, he kneaded the flesh beneath her thin, black dress. She pressed herself to him. Laughed. "Oh, you know," she said with half-lowered eyelids to make a modest impression, "she loves parties. Bruce and I bring the parties... It gets really boring in there. Her old man sometimes lets her out, as long as she takes Hideo along, who looks after her."

"Where does it get boring?"

"Straylight Villa," she said. "He told me about it. Oh, it's lovely there, all ponds and lilies. A castle, a real castle, entirely made of stone and sunset." She hugged him closer. "Hey Lupus, Old One, you need a Derm. So we can be together."

She was clutching a small leather pouch to a thin neck cord. Her completely chewed nails were pink-lacquered. She opened the pouch and pulled out a blue Derm wrapped in paper. A white piece fell onto the floor. Case bent down. An origami crane.

"I got it from Hideo," she said. "He tried to show me how, but I can't do it. The neck always stands back." She tucked the folded paper into her pocket. Case watched as she peeled off the foil, lifted the patch from its backing, and stuck it onto his wrist.

"Jane, does she have a distinctive face, a bird-like nose?" His hands drew in the air. "Dark hair? Young?

"I think so," she replied. "An insane woman. Well, all that money."

The drug hit him like a D-train, a white, glowing column of light shooting from his prostate area up his spine and illuminating the seams of his skull with X-rays from his short-circuited libido. His teeth rang in individual root channels like tuning forks, each one perfectly pitched and clear as ethanol. His bones under his foggy flesh were chrome-plated and highly polished, his joints lubricated with silicone. Sandstorms raged across the bare-scuffed head floor, generating high, static waves that broke behind his eyes, swelling balls of clearest crystal...

"Come on!" she said, taking his hand. "We're in it. We can do this all night up there on the mountain."

Anger grew, became unrestrained, multiplying exponentially in the wake of the beta-phenethylamine surge, streaming in like a carrier wave, a seismic flow, lush and corrosive. His erection was a lead bar. The faces around him in the emergency room were painted puppet-like; red-and-white mouths opened and closed, up and down; syllables burst out like silent speech bubbles. He looked at Cath and saw every pore of her tanned skin, eyes flat as dull glass, the tone of dead metal, some swelling, smallest asymmetry in her breasts and collarbone... A bright flash twitched behind his eyes.

He let go of her hand and stumbled to the door, bumping each side. "Fuck you!" she shouted after him, "you fucking asshole!"

He couldn't feel his legs. He used them like stilts, staggering crazily over the cobblestones of Rue Jules Verne. A distant rumble in his ears; the blood pulsed through him. A razor-sharp light sliced his skull from a dozen different angles. And then he froze—standing straight, fists clenched to his thighs, head back, lips pursed, trembling. Observing the animal signs of defeat, the night club constellations in the holographic sky, drifting, dissolving, sliding down the dark axis, like scum swarming out from the dead center of reality. Until they formed, hundreds streaming together, a huge, simple portrait, a last, monochromatic painting in pointillist style from the stars of the night sky. Miss Linda Lee's face.

When he could finally look away, he saw that all the other faces on the street were pointed up and that the strolling tourists gawked in wonder. And when the lights in the sky went out, a chorus of cheers rose from Rue Jules Verne, echoing off the terraces and concrete buttes.

Somewhere, a clock began to chime, an ancient European bell. Midnight. He walked until dawn. The buzz subsided, the chrome skeleton corroded with each hour, the drug-sapped flesh firming up again. He couldn't think. To be conscious without being able to think was very pleasing to him. It seemed he became every object he saw: the park bench, a white swarm of mosquitoes at an antique street lamp, the garden robot with its black-and-yellow stripes.

A recorded dawn crept pink and grim over the Lado-Acheson system. He forced himself to eat an omelet, drink a glass of water, and smoke his last cigarette in a cafe on Desiderata Street. The rooftop terrace at the Intercontinental was already bustling as he crossed it. Early breakfast guests under striped umbrellas dove into coffee and croissants.

He still had his anger. It was like being mugged in an alleyway and waking up to find your untouched wallet still in your jacket pocket. He used it, though he couldn't remember its name or purpose.

He took the elevator to his floor and rummaged in his pocket for the Freeside chip that also served as his key. Slowly, sleepiness crept back. A good idea. To sprawl out on the sand-colored Temperschaum and dive back into emptiness. They were waiting for him. There were three of them. Their seamless, white athletic clothing and their stenciled tans starkly contrasted with the organic beauty of the furniture. The girl sat on a wicker sofa, an automatic pistol lying beside her on the patterned cushion.

"Turing," she said. "You're under arrest."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Er hielt das goldene Dunhill in seiner Hand und wog es. "Der Mann, den du Armitage nennst, ist bereits da", sagte er. "Corto?" Der Typ weitete die Augen. "Ja. Woher weißt du, dass er so heißt?" Eine Millimeterflamme flackerte vom Feuerzeug auf. "Ich habe's vergessen", sagte Case. "Es wird dir wieder einfallen", meinte das Mädchen. Ihre Namen - oder Decknamen - waren Michelle, Roland und Pierre. Pierre sollte, wie Case vermutete, den bösen Bullen spielen; Roland sollte für Case Partei ergreifen, kleine Gefälligkeiten leisten - er suchte ein frisches Paket Yeheyuan, als Case eine Zigarre ablehnte - und im Allgemeinen ein Gegengewicht zu dem kaltschnäuzigen, feindseligen Pierre bilden. Michelle sollte der dienstbare Geist sein und hier und da in die Verhöre eingreifen. Einer oder alle drei wären, da war sich Case sicher, mit Audio ausgestattet, wahrscheinlich sogar Simstim, so dass alles, was er sagte und tat, als Beweis verwendet werden könnte. "Wofür?" fragte er sich in seinem zermürbenden Drogenkater. Da sie wussten, dass er kein Französisch verstand, redeten sie offenherzig miteinander. Zumindest bestand dieser Eindruck. Auf jeden Fall hatte er genug mitbekommen: Namen wie Pauley, Armitage, Sense/Net, Panther Modems ragten wie Eisberge aus dem fröhlichen Meer des Pariser Französischen hervor. Es war durchaus denkbar, dass die Namen nur wegen ihm gefallen waren. Wenn von Molly die Rede war, dann immer als Kolodny. "Du sagst, du wurdest für diese Sache angeheuert, Case", sagte Roland, der langsam sprach, um Verständnis auszudrücken: "ohne genaue Kenntnis des Zwecks. Ist das nicht ungewöhnlich in deinem Gewerbe? Wärtest du, nachdem du die Verteidigung durchbrochen hast, nicht in der Lage, die erforderliche Operation durchzuführen? Und sicherlich ist eine Operation irgendeiner Art erforderlich, ja?" Er beugte sich vor, stützte die Ellbogen auf seine braunen, schablonenhaften Knie und drehte die Handflächen nach außen, um Case zum Antworten zu ermuntern. Pierre ging im Zimmer auf und ab; bald war er am Fenster, bald an der Tür. Michelle war die Vorbereitete, vermutete Case. Ihr Blick wich ihm nicht. "Kann ich was anziehen?" fragte er. Pierre hatte darauf bestanden, ihn auszuziehen und die Nähte seiner Jeans zu durchsuchen. Case saß jetzt nackt auf einem Korbsessel. Ein Fuß war obszön weiß. Roland fragte Pierre etwas auf Französisch. Pierre, der nun wieder am Fenster stand, schaute durch ein kleines, flaches Fernglas. "Non", sagte er abwesend und Roland sah Case mit schulterzuckendem und runzelnstrengem Gesicht an. Case fand, dass dies ein günstiger Moment für ein Lächeln sei. Roland erwiderte das Lächeln. "Scheiße auf Bullenarbeit, wie sie im Buche steht", dachte Case. "Schau her", sagte er. "Ich bin krank. Ich hatte diesen verdammten Drogen in einer Bar, klar? Ich will mich hinlegen. Ihr habt mich ja. Ihr sagt, ihr habt Armitage. Wenn ihr ihn habt, dann fragt ihn. Ich bin nur ein angeheuerter Helfer." Roland nickte. "Und Kolodny?" "Sie war bei Armitage, als er mich anheuerte. Nur Muskeln und Messerblut. So viel ich weiß. Nicht viel." "Du weißt, dass Armitage richtig Corto heißt", sagte Pierre, die Augen immer noch hinter den weichen Kunststoffrändern des Fernglases verborgen. "Woher weißt du das, Freund?" "Ich nehme an, er hat's mal erwähnt", sagte Case, der seinen Versprecher bedauerte. "Jeder hat ein paar Namen. Wie heißt du, Pierre?" "Wir wissen, wie du in Chiba wiederhergestellt wurdest", sagte Michelle, "und das war vielleicht der Fehler von Wintermute." Case sah sie so gleichgültig an, wie er konnte. Dieser Name war bisher noch nicht gefallen. "Der Prozess bei der Klinik führte dazu, dass der Klinikeigentümer sieben Patente angemeldet hat. Weißt du, was das bedeutet?" "Nein." "Es bedeutet, dass der Betreiber einer schwarzen Klinik in Chiba City nun eine Aktienmehrheit bei drei großen medizinischen Forschungskonsortien besitzt. Das stellt die übliche Ordnung auf den Kopf, verstehst du? Es hat Aufsehen erregt." Sie verschränkte die braunen Arme über den kleinen, hohen Brüsten und lehnte sich gegen das gemusterte Polster zurück. Case fragte sich, wie alt sie sein mochte. Man sagt, das Alter sei in den Augen zu lesen, aber ihm war das nie aufgefallen. Julie Deane hatte hinter seiner Rosenquarzbrille die Augen eines desinteressierten Zehnjährigen gehabt. An Michelle war bis auf die Knöchel nichts Altes. "Ihr habt mich aus dem Slum verloren und dann wiedergefunden, als ich zum Abflug nach Istanbul aufbrach. Wir haben die Sache zurückverfolgt, lokalisiert euch im Gitter und kamen schließlich zu dem Schluss, dass du einen Aufruhr bei Sense/Net angezettelt hattest. Sense/Net war sehr kooperativ. Sie führten eine Bestandsaufnahme für uns durch. Festgestellt, dass die ROM-Persönlichkeitskonstruktion von McCoy Pauley fehlte." "In Istanbul", sagte Roland eher zögerlich, "war es ganz einfach. Die Frau hatte Armitages Kontakt zur Geheimpolizei mißbraucht." "Und dann bist du hierher gekommen", sagte Pierre, der das Fernglas nun in die Tasche seiner Shorts steckte. "Wir waren erfreut." "Wie sollst du deine Bräune nutzen?" fragte Michelle. "Du weißt, was wir meinen", sagte sie. "Wenn du dich absichtlich dumm stellst, machst du die Sache nur schlimmer für dich. Es gibt zum Beispiel das Auslieferungsgesuch. Du wirst mit uns zurückkehren, Case, ebenso wie Armitage. Aber wohin genau werden wir alle gehen? In die Schweiz, wo du lediglich eine Randfigur im Prozess gegen eine künstliche Intelligenz sein wirst? Oder ins L.A.B.A., wo Beweise gegen dich vorliegen, dass du nicht nur an einem Dateneinbruch und Diebstahl beteiligt warst, sondern auch an einem Landfriedensbruch, der vierzehn unschuldige Menschenleben forderte? Du hast die Wahl." Case zog eine Yeheyuan aus der Schachtel; Pierre zündete sie ihm mit dem goldenen Dunhill an. "Würde Armitage dich decken?" Das Klicken des Deckels setzte ein Ausrufezeichen hinter die Frage. Case blickte durch den Kater des Betaphentylamins zu ihm auf. "Wie alt bist du, Boss?" "Alt genug, um zu wissen, dass du fertig, erledigt bist, dass die Sache gelaufen ist und du im Weg stehst." "Ich sage euch was", meinte Case und zog an seiner Zigarette. Den Rauch blies er ins Gesicht des Turing-Agenten hinauf. "Seid ihr Leute hier draußen überhaupt zuständig? Ich meine, solltet ihr nicht die Sicherheitsbeamten von Freeside zu unsrer kleinen Versammlung hinzuziehen? Es ist ihr Territorium, oder?" Er sah, wie die dunklen Augen im schmalen Knabengesicht aufblitzten und machte sich plötzlich bereit, aber Pierre zuckte nur mit der Schulter. "Egal", sagte Roland. "Du kommst mit uns. Wir kennen uns mit solchen Zuständigkeiten aus."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The contracts on which our Turing Register branch operates grant us great flexibility. And we provide flexibility when necessary, he said, suddenly letting the charming mask fall. His gaze became as piercing as Pierre's. "You're dumber than allowed," Michelle said, standing up with a gun in her hand. "You don't give a shit about humanity. For thousands of years, humans have dreamed of a pact with demons. Now such a thing is possible. And what would you be rewarded for helping this entity to free itself and grow?" There was an unmistakable gloom in her voice that a ten-year-old couldn't have mustered. "Get dressed now! You're coming with us. Along with Armitage, who has remained, we'll return to Geneva where you will testify against this intelligence in the trial." If not, we'll kill you, she said, pointing the gun at him. A smooth, black Walther with a silencer attached. "I'm already dressing," he said and stumbled towards the bed. His legs were still numb, heavy. He fumbled around for a clean T-shirt. "A ship is ready. We'll destroy Pauly's construction with an impulse weapon." "That will be bad news for Sense/Net," Case said, thinking of the Hosaka evidence. "They're already in trouble for even having something like this." Case pulled the T-shirt over his head. He saw the Shuriken on the bed. Dead metal, his star. He reached for anger. It was gone. Time to give up, to get out... He thought of the poison sacs. "Meat," he murmured.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Dixie?" The Matrix presented him with the pink spheres of the Steel Combine in Sikkim. "What are you up to, kid? I'm hearing some scary stories. Hosaka is now double-crossed with a twin-bladed ship on your boss's vessel. Full steam ahead. Have you hung out with any Turing Bulls?"

"Yeah, Wintermute took care of them."

"Well, that won't last long. There are plenty more where they came from. We'll be reinforced soon. I bet their decks swarm with flies in this grid sector like shit on a fly's ass. And your boss, Case... he says go. Get moving, now, he says."

Case entered the FreeSide coordinates. "Let me just say something, Case..." The Matrix blurred and pulsed as the Flatline executed a complex series of jumps with speed and accuracy that left Case pale with envy.

"Damn, Dixie..."

"Hey man, I used to do that when I was alive. You won't see anything. No hands!"

"That big green rectangle on the left?"

"Exactly. Data core of Tessier-Ashpool SA—and their two friendly AIs produce the ice. It seems capable of handling everything they have in the military sector. Devilish ice, Case, as black as a grave and slippery as glass. It'll fry your brain just looking at it. If we get closer, we'll get sensors stuck in our asses and ears that will rat us out to the guys at T-A-Z central about what size shoe you wear and how long your boner is."

"It doesn't look too hot, does it? I mean, the Turings are on their way. I was thinking maybe we should rappel down."

"No problem, man." The Zionist made a salto forward, opened the zipper of a net bag, rummaged through its contents and pulled out rolled-up, transparent tubes and a sterilized object wrapped in plastic. He called it a Texas catheter. Case felt uneasy.

He shoved the Chinese virus program into the slot, paused, then pressed it all the way in. "Okay," he said. "It's running. Listen, Maelcum, if it gets really weird, grab me by my left wrist. I'll feel it. Do what Hosaka says, okay?"

"Sure thing." Maelcum lit another joint. The cabin filled with smoke. "I can't leave..."

"No problem," the Zionist replied.

Maelcum did a flip and Case re-lit. "Holy shit," the Finn said. "Look at this!"

The Chinese virus spread all around them. Chromatic shadows, countless layers of lase dissolved...

Case searched for the Matrix around the Tessier-Ashpool ice and found the pink shape—a standard commercial unit. With a keystroke, he moved closer. "It might be defective."

"Possible, but I don't think so. Our baby is military after all. And new. It just won't register. If it does, then as some kind of Chinese stealth attack, but no one seems to have noticed us—not even the people at Straylight."

Case watched the blank wall that shielded Straylight. "Well," he said, "that's an advantage, right?"

"Maybe." A laugh-like sound came from the structure. Case shivered. "I checked our Kuang 11 again, man. It's really docile as long as you're on the lever. Incredibly friendly and helpful. Even speaks good English. Have you ever heard of a slow virus?"

"No."

"Me neither. It was just an idea back then. And that's pretty much all there is to it—the Kuang doesn't bore or eat its way in. We interface with the ice, so to speak, and do it slowly enough that it doesn't notice. The front of Kuang logic pushes forward and mutates, exactly like the structure of the ice. Then we hook up, and the main program kicks in, arguing against the logic of the ice. We play Siamese twins with them before they even get twitchy."

The Flatline laughed. "You wouldn't be so damn funny today, man. Your laugh is hitting me right in the gut."

"How sad," said the Flatline. "I, an old corpse, need my laughter."

Case pressed the Simstim switch and crashed through debris. It smelled dusty. His palms slipped on slick paper. Something clattered behind him.

"Come on," the Finn said, emerging from a kind of niche in the wall made of junk. "This is better for you, man." He lit a Partagas from his jacket pocket and took a drag. Cuban tobacco smoke filled the shop.

"Should I appear to you as a burning bush in the Matrix?" he continued. "Nothing from here gets to you. An hour here is like a few seconds to you."

"Have you ever thought that maybe you're bugging me when you appear as people I know?" Case stood up and brushed off the dust from his black jeans. He turned, gazing grimly at the dusty display windows and the closed door to the street behind him. "What's out there? New York? Or does it just end there?"

"Well," said the Finn, "it's like a tree, you know. It falls in the forest... but maybe no one hears it." He bared his big front teeth and took another drag on his cigarette. "You can take a walk if you want. Everything's here—at least everything you've ever seen before. This is memory, clear as day. I'm basically zapping you, sorting things out, and feeding them back to you."

"I don't have that good of a memory," Case said, looking around. He examined his hands, turned them over, and tried to remember the lines on them but couldn't.

"Everyone has a good memory," said the Finn, dropping the cigarette and stepping on it with his heel. "But most people don't have access to theirs. Artists usually do, if they're any good. If you can put this construct over reality... well, that's another story."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He examined the shop of the Finn in lower Manhattan, then he would see a difference, though perhaps not as great as he imagined. For you, memory is holographic. The Finn tugged at his small ear. "I'm different," he said. "What do you mean by holographic?" He had to think of Riviera when he said the word. "The holographic pattern is the closest approximation to human memory that you have developed. But you've never been able to make anything out of it, I mean humans." The Finn stepped forward, raised his wind-tunnel head and stared at Case. "Otherwise, perhaps this wouldn't have happened." "What does that even mean?" The Finn shrugged. His tattered tweed jacket was too wide across the shoulders and wouldn't slide back into place properly. "I'm trying to help you, Case." "Why?" "Because I need you." The big yellow teeth appeared again. "And because you need me." "Nonsense. Can you read my thoughts, Finn?" He made a face. "Wintermute," he said. "You can't read thoughts. Look, you still have the patterns of the printed word in you, even though you're not much of a reader. I have access to your memory, but that's not the same as your thinking." He reached into the open case of an ancient TV and pulled out a silver-black vacuum tube. "Do you see this? Part of my DNA... " He threw it in a dark corner. Case heard it hit and shatter. "You're always building models. Stone circles, cathedrals. Pipe organs. Calculators. I have no idea why I'm here right now, do you?" "I don't understand a word." "You mean collectively. Your species." "You killed Turing." The Finn shrugged. "Had to, had to. Don't get your panties in a twist; they wouldn't have held out long and chilled you anyway. Anyway, we should talk while you're here. Remember this?" And he held up the charred wasp nest from Case's dream. It smelled of gasoline in the cramped, dark space. Case stumbled back against a pile of junk. "Yes, that was me. With the holographic device in the window. Like some memory I sucked out of you when I made you brain-dead for the first time. Do you know why it's important?" Case shook his head. "Because... " And suddenly the nest disappeared - "it comes closest to how Tessier-Ashpool imagines humans. The human counterpart. Straylight is such a nest, or at least that was the plan. I guess now you feel better." "Better? " "Because you know how they are. You've developed a mortal hatred for me at times. Good so. But hate them too. There's a difference." "Listen," Case said and stepped forward, "they never did anything to me... unlike you..." But he couldn't feel the anger. "T-A made me, the French girl said, they called me a demon. "The Finn grinned. "It doesn't really matter. You'll hate someone before the thing runs." He turned away and went into the shop behind him. "Well, come on, I'll show you a little of Straylight while you're here." He lifted a corner of the blanket. Bright light poured out. "Damn it," Case said. "That's the front entrance," the Finn said with flapping coat sleeves. "It would be the main gate if this weren't my construction, right where the shop is, up on the FreeSide axis. Of course, everything will be a little sparse as to details since you have no memory of it. Except for what little you know from Molly..." Case straightened but immediately turned in a long spiral spiral. "Wait," the Finn said. "I'm doing a quick scan." The walls blurred. The disorienting feeling of upside-down movement, colors darting around corners and through narrow corridors. Once they seemed to penetrate a meter-thick wall that slammed into them like blackness. "Here we are," the Finn said. They floated in the middle of a completely square room whose walls and ceiling were paneled with dark, rectangular wood. A square carpet covered the floor with a microchip pattern whose circuits were laid out in blue and sharp crimson. Right in the center of the room stood a white milk glass cube. "The Straylight Villa," a glittering formation on the cube said in a melodic voice, "is a grown-in body, a grotesque plaything. Every square meter of the villa is secretly designed, the endless rows of rooms connected by corridors and staircases that curve and wind like intestines... " "An essay by 3Jane," the Finn said, pulling out his party piece. "Written when she was twelve, in semiotics class." "The architects of Freeside went to great lengths to hide that the interior of the spindle is laid out with the precision of a hotel room. In Straylight, the inner surface of the shell is covered with tangled structures, flowing forms that merge into one another and cover over the solid core of microcircuits, the economic heart of our clan, a silicon cylinder perforated with narrow maintenance shafts, often no wider than a man's hand. The colorful crabs, the drones, guard against chemical decay and sabotage." "That was what you saw in the restaurant," the Finn said. "Compared to the standard of the Archipelago," the voice continued, "we are a comparatively old family. The twists of our home reflect this age. But they reflect something else too. The semiotics of the villa bear witness to an inward-looking attitude, a turn away from the shimmering emptiness beyond the shell." As Tessier and Ashpool climbed up the gravity shaft, it became clear that space had resisted them.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
В настоящее время они строили Фрисайд, чтобы раскрыть богатство новых островов, стали богатыми и эксцентричными и начали выращивать виллу Страйлайт. Мы спрятались за нашими деньгами, отвернулись от мира и создали собственную бесполую вселенную. Вилла Страйлайт не знает неба, будь то изображенное или другого рода. Силиконовый ядро виллы скрывает небольшую комнату, единственное прямолинейное помещение во всем здании. Там, на простом стеклянном постаменте, стоит изысканная статуя, клошонная на платине с бусинами и лазуритовыми украшениями. Светлые камни глаз сделаны из синтетического рубинового стекла из наблюдательного окна корабля, который принес первый груз по шахте и вернулся, чтобы забрать первую яму... Голова замолчала. «И? — в конце концов спросил Кейс, ожидая от этой конструкции ответа. — Она больше ничего не написала, — сказал финн. — Не закончила эссе. Тогда она была еще ребенком. Это конструкция какого-то церемониального терминала. Молли должна войти сюда и в нужное время произнести правильное слово. Вот в чем суть. Не имеет значения, насколько глубоко вы и плоская линия проникли с китайским вирусом, если это устройство не услышит волшебного слова». — А каково это слово? — спросил он. Но украшенный панелью комната складывалась дюжинами раз в невозможных углах и исчезала в киберпространстве, как оригами-журавль. — Не хочешь ли разрушить мой память, человек? — спросила плоская линия. — Ты уже был в коме пять секунд. — Держись крепче! — сказал Кейс и нажал кнопку имитации. Она присела в темноте, руки обхватили грубый бетон. CASE CASE CASE CASE. Цифровая индикация мигала его именем в альфа-цифровых буквах. Виндомут привлекла его внимание. — Отлично, — сказала она. Она опустилась на колени, потирала руки и щелкала пальцами. — Что тебя остановило? — Время Молли, сейчас. Она сжала язык между нижними передними зубами. Один из них слегка активировал ее микроканальные усилители. Неуправляемый поток фотонов в темноте был преобразован в электронный поток. Бетон вокруг постепенно стал пугающе бледным и зернистым. — Хорошо, дорогая. Давай начнем игру! — сказала она. Ее укрытие оказалось какой-то технической шахтой. Она ползла через красивую решетчатую дверь из покрытого моссом меди. Мало того, что он видел на ее руках и руках, показывало, что она снова надела костюм из поликарбоната. Под пластиком он почувствовал знакомое напряжение тонкой кожи. Что-то было спрятано в ремне или ленте под рукой. Она встала, открыла застежку костюма и коснулась рукоятки пистолета с кубической текстурой. — Эй, Кейс, — сказала она, едва артикулируя слова, — слышишь? Расскажи себе историю... У меня был друг. Ты как-то напоминаешь мне его... — Она обернулась и бросила взгляд в коридор. — Джонни, так его звали. — Низкий, изогнутый коридор был украшен множеством музейных витрин, старинных коричневых деревянных шкафов с стеклянными передними стенками. Они выглядели довольно грубо на органических изгибах коридора, как будто их однажды поставили здесь для давно забытой цели. Матовое медное освещение несло белые лампы в интервалах в десять метров. Пол был неровным, и когда Молли начала двигаться по коридору, Кейс заметил, что сотни маленьких ковров и коверцев были раскладены кучками. В некоторых местах их было даже шесть, так что ходить по этому ковровому полотну из рукоплетенных волокон было мягко. Молли почти не обращала внимания на витрины и их содержимое, что расстроило Кейса. Ему пришлось довольствоваться ее равнодушными взглядами, которые открывались ему как осколки керамики, старые оружие, предмет, плотно покрытый гвоздями и таким образом неразличимый, потресканные фрагменты игр... — Мой Джонни, знаешь, он был хорошим парнем, очень горячим. Он начал как черный торговец на улице Памяти. У него были чипы в голове, где он прятал данные за плату. В ту ночь, когда я его встретил, у него был Яку на шее. Я позаботился о его убийце. У него было больше удачи, чем обычно, но он его убил. После этого все стало мягко, действительно сладко, Кейс. — Ее губы почти не двигались. Он почувствовал, как она формулирует слова, и ему их не нужно было слышать. — Мы договорились с кем-то, чтобы мы могли отслеживать будущее его сохраненных данных. Мы все записали на ленту и начали оказывать давление на выбранных клиентов, бывших клиентов. Я был кассиром, мускулистым охранником. Мне было очень весело. Я уже был счастлив раньше, Кейс? Он был моим человеком. Мы работали вместе. Партнеры. Возможно, он был вне игры уже восемь недель, когда я его встретил... — Она сделала паузу, осторожно свернувшись в узком повороте и продолжила идти. Опять блестящие деревянные шкафы в оттенке, напоминающем крылья кулинарных щитов. — Это было мягко, сладко; так проходили дни. Никто не мог нам ничего сделать. Я уже позаботился об этом. Якуза. Думаю, они все еще хотели задницы Джонни. Потому что я убил его мужа. Потому что Джонни их предал. И такой Якуза может позволить себе двигаться очень медленно, он может ждать годами. Он дает тебе целую жизнь времени, чтобы ты имела больше, когда они придут и заберут это. Пациентность как паук, зен-паук. — Я тогда не знал этого или хотя бы притворялся, что это не касается нас. Знаешь, когда я...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As a young person, I thought I was unique. I was young. Then they came. We thought we had enough to stop packing our bags and maybe head for Europe. Of course, we didn’t know what we would do there, as we no longer needed to do anything. We lived luxuriously. Swiss orbital accounts and a house filled with stuff and furniture. Boredom. The first one they sent was a hot guy. Reflexes, something you haven't seen before. Planted and styled, enough for ten ordinary guys. But the second... I don’t know, he was like a monk. Cloned. With every cell through and through killer. Death was in him, this silence that surrounded him like a cloud... She fell silent as the corridor split into two identical staircases. She took the left one. "Once, when I was still a little kid, we lived illegally in a hut that didn't belong to us down by the Hudson, and the rats, man, they were really huge. Due to the chemicals they ingested. They grew as big as me. One rat scratched under the floor of the hut all night long. At dawn, someone dragged an old man with wrinkled cheeks and red eyes along. He had a greasy leather bundle where steel tools are wrapped so they don’t rust. He unrolled it, revealing an old revolver with three bullets inside. The old man loaded one bullet and walked back and forth in the hut. We stayed close to the walls. Back and forth. Arms crossed, head down. He seemed to have forgotten his gun. He listened for rats. We were completely silent. The old man took a step. The rat moved. The rat moved, he took a step. This went on for an hour. Then maybe his gun popped into his mind again. He aimed at the target, smiled, and pulled the trigger. He rewrapped it and disappeared. Later I crawled downstairs. The rat had a hole between its eyes." She surveyed the hermetically sealed doors along the corridor. "The second one who came to get Johnny was like that old man. Not old, but otherwise similar. Killed in this way." The corridor widened. The sea of carpets rippled under a massive chandelier whose lower crystal hangings almost reached the floor. Crystal rang as Molly entered the hall. THE THIRD DOOR ON THE LEFT blinked. She turned left, navigating around the upright crystal tree. "I only saw him once. On our way to our abode. He was just coming out. We lived in a converted factory, together with many young career types from Sense/Net and such. For one thing, the place was pretty well secured. For another, I had installed real hammers to make the place really tight. I knew Johnny was upstairs. But this little guy saw me when he came out. He said not a word. We just looked at each other, and I knew it. Sneaked away. Johnny sat in a chair by the window, his mouth slightly open as if he still wanted to say something."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Мут установился над индикатором времени. ПЯТЬ ВНИЗ. Но сначала она открыла верхний отсек. Внутри оказалось не больше, чем плоское отделение. Пустое. Второй отсек был таким же пустым. Третий, немного глубже, содержал тупые металлические шарики и небольшой, коричневый предмет, похожий на человеческий фаланг. В четвертом отделении было найдено вздутое экземпляр изысканного технического руководства на французском и японском языках. В пятом она обнаружила ключ за бронированной перчаткой тяжелого скафандра для космических путешествий; он выглядел как окисленный медный диск с прикрепленным к нему трубочкой. Молли поворачивала его в руках, и Кейс заметил, что внутри трубочки были зубцы и нити. На одной стороне монеты были выгравированы буквы CHUBB. Другая сторона была гладкой. "Я поняла", - шепнула она. "Винтермут. Как он так долго ждал. Тогда у него еще не было настоящей власти, но он мог использовать системы безопасности и охраны виллы, чтобы следить, что и где хранится, куда что идет. Он видел, как кто-то потерял этот ключ двадцать лет назад, и мог заставить кого-то другого спрятать его здесь. Затем он убил того мальчика, который положил его сюда. Мальчику было восемь." Она закрыла пальцы над ключом. "Чтобы никто не нашел его." Она достала из кармана скафандра кусок черной нити и проткнула ее круглым отверстием над надписью CHUBB. После того как она завязала узел, она повесила его себе на шею. "Они прикидывались старомодными, - сказал он, говоря о своем оборудовании XIX века. Он выглядел точно так же, как финн на экране в теле-манекене. Я почти подумал, что это финн." Ее индикатор времени мигал, показывая время в алфавитных цифрах, накладывающихся на серый цвет стальных отсеков. "Он сказал, что если бы они стали тем, чем хотели, он давно уже сбежал бы. Но этого не произошло. Он провалился. Как и фрики, как 3Jane. Так он их называл, но говорил так, будто им нравилось." Она повернулась, открыла дверь и вышла, держа в руке ручку флетчера на ленте. Кейс переключил режим. Марк 11 Куанг вырос. "Дикси, ты думаешь, это сработает?" - "Как медведь в лесу?" Линия плоской формы отбросила ее в струи цветного радуги. Что-то темное сформировалось в ядре китайской программы. Плотность информации подавила матрицу и вызвала гипнотические образы. Слабые, калейдоскопические углы сходились в одном серебряно-черном фокусе. Кейс видел зловещие знаки и символы несчастья из своего детства, пробивающиеся через прозрачные уровни: кресты хакеров, черепа с перекрещенными костями, кубики с светящимися глазами змеи. Когда он прямо смотрел в этот ноль, не было никаких очертаний. Только после десятка быстрых взглядов он увидел его - хай-хаи-подобное образование, блестящее как обсидиан. Черные зеркала по бокам отражали отдаленные, слабые огни, не связанные с матрицей вокруг. "Это шип, - сказала конструкция. - Если Куанг будет хорошим и получит контакт с ядром Тессера-Аш-пула, мы пойдем в чистое состояние." "Правильно, Дикси, - добавил он. - Он... он... Осторожно! Это... я постоянно это говорю." "Это код, слово, - сказал он. - Кто-то должен произнести его в странном терминале в определенной комнате, пока мы будем заниматься тем, что нас ждет за льдом." "Ну, у тебя есть время убить, старик, - сказала плоская линия. - Наш Куанг действует медленно, но верно." Кейс вынул флетчер. В Маелкуме застыл взгляд. "Ты бы был мертв какое-то время, - сказал он. - Это случается." "Ничего необычного", - ответил Кейс. "Постепенно привыкаю." "Ты погружаешься в темные вещи, - сказал Маелkum и повернулся к своему радиомодулю. Кейс посмотрел на заплетенные волосы и мускулистые руки Маелкума. Он снова вставил флетчер и переключил режим. Молли спешила по коридору, похожему на предыдущий во многих отношениях. Здесь не было стеклянных витрин, а Кейс предположил, что они движутся в сторону конусовых вершин, поскольку гравитация ослабевала. Скоро Молли легко прыгала по волнам коверных гор. Легкое жжение в ее ноге... Коридор вдруг стал шире, затем разделился на две ветви после поворота. Она пошла направо и поднялась по невероятно крутой лестнице. Ее нога начала болеть. На потолке лестничного пролета висели пучки проводов, как цветные ганглии. На стенах капала влага. Дойдя до треугольного выступа, она остановилась и потирала ногу. Снова коридоры, узкие коридоры с коверными стенами. Они расходились в трех направлениях. "Давай посмотрим, хорошо? - сказала она. - Только не нервничай. У нас время." Она вошла в коридор, который поворачивал направо. "СТОП. ВРАТИТЕСЯ. ОПАСНОСТЬ." Она колебалась. Из полуоткрытой двери дуба в конце прохода доносился голос, громкий и ропячий, как у пьяного человека. Кейс подумал, что это по-французски, но было слишком неясно. Молли сделала шаг вперед, затем еще один. Ее рука скользнула в карман скафандра к флетчеру. Когда она попала в зону нейронного шума, уши Кейса задрожали от звука, напоминающего звук ее флетчера. Ее полосатая мышца расслабилась; она упала вперед и ударилась головой о дверь. Она закатила голову и легла на спину. Ее глаза были размытыми, дыхание остановилось. "Что это такое? - спросил ропячий голос. - Костюм?" В ее скафандре протянула руку дрожащая рука, нашла флетчер и вытащила его. "Приходи, ребенок, поиграй со мной!" Она медленно встала. Ее глаза прилипли к двери.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Мундильная часть автоматического пистолета. Рука мужчины была теперь довольно спокойной; ствол пистолета казался прикрепленным к его горлу стянутой невидимой нитью. Он был стар, очень стар, и его черты напомнили Кейсу девушку, которую он видел в двадцатом веке. Он носил тяжелое платье из каштанового шелка с длинными подшитыми манжетами и воротником-шалькой. Один из его ног был обнаженный, другой был в черном шелковом слипоне с вышитым золотым лисом над лодыжкой. Он проводил ее в комнату жестами. "Медленно, дорогая". Комната была очень большой и наполнена всяким странным для Кейса хламом. Он увидел стальную раму с старомодными мониторами Sony, широкую кровать из бронзы, полную овечьих шкур и подушек, которые, казалось, были сделаны из того же материала, что и пол в коридорах. Глаза Молли блуждали от огромной игровой консоли до полок с старинными пластиковыми и картонными обложками для виниловых пластин, а затем к большому рабочему столу, покрытому волокнистыми нитями. Кейсу было интересно наблюдать за киберпространством и электронными трактами, но взгляд Молли быстро скользил мимо них. "Было бы обычным", - сказал старик, - "сделать это сейчас, убить тебя". Кейсу показалось, как она напряглась, приготовившись к прыжку. "Но сегодня ночью я решу по-другому". - "Как тебя зовут?" - "Молли". - "Молли. Меня зовут Ашпул". Он опустился на рваный мягкий кожаный диван с четырьмя угловыми хромовыми ножками, но пистолет не сдвинулся с ее руки. Он положил стрелу на стол рядом с диваном, случайно опрокинув пластиковую бутылку с красными таблетками. На столе были разбросаны бутылки, спиртные напитки и мягкие пакетики, из которых вырывались белые порошки. Кейсу заметили старинную стеклянную инжекцию и тонкий стальной ложечку. "Как ты плачешь, Молли?" - спросил он, - "Я вижу, твои глаза отекли. Было бы интересно узнать". У него были красные круги вокруг глаз и на лбу блестел пот. Он был очень бледным. Болен, пришло Кейсу в голову. Или под воздействием наркотиков. "Я не часто плачу", - ответила она. - "Но как ты плачешь, если кто-то заставляет тебя?" - "Плачу слезами", - сказала она. - "Траки слезов перенесены во рть". - "Тогда ты уже получила важный урок для своего юного возраста". Рука с пистолетом теперь лежала на его колене, в то время как он безразборно схватил бутылку из половины дюжины спиртных напитков на столе рядом с стулом. Он выпил. Бренди. Напиток тек из угла его рта. "Так и следует обращаться со слезами". Он снова выпил. - "Я занят сегодня ночью, Молли. Я построил все это, и теперь я занят. Смертью". - "Я могу исчезнуть оттуда, откуда пришла", - сказала она. Он хихикнул хриплым, резким смехом. "Ты врываешься, мешаешь моему самоубийству и требуешь, чтобы я просто тебя отпустил? Правда, ты меня удивляешь. Воровка". - "Это касается моего шеи, босс, больше у меня нет ничего", - сказала она. - "Я хочу вырваться отсюда целой". - "Ты жесткая штука. Самоубийство здесь проводится с определенным уважением. Это то, что я делаю, понимаешь? Но, возможно, я заберу тебя в ад... Действительно египетский поступок со моей стороны". Он снова выпил. - "Приходи сюда!" - Он протянул ей бутылку дрожащей рукой. - "Пей!" Она потрясла головой. - "Не отравлено", - сказал он, но вернул бренди на стол. - "Сядь! Сядь на диван! Давай поболтаем". - "О чем?" - Она села. Кейсу показалось, как нервы под ногтями слегка дрогнули. - "О том, что придет в голову". - "Что это?" - Она сидела. Кейсу показалось, как мысли начали кружиться у него в голове. - "Я помню. Баки были из терракоты, водяные нимфы из хрома... Как их бедра сияли на закате в саду..." - Я старый, Молли. Более двухсот лет, если учитывать холод. Холод". Внезапно он рванул бутылку вверх, дрожа. Мышцы ее бедер напряглись как стальные тросы. - "Можно получить ожог от мороза", - осторожно заметила она. - "Ничего не жжет", - сказал он нетерпеливо и опустил оружие. Его движения становились все более скептическими. Его голова качалась. Ему было трудно остановить это. - "Ничего не жжет. Я знаю это сейчас. Ядро сказало мне, что наши разумы сдаются. Те миллиарды, которые мы тогда вложили... Когда искусственный интеллект был еще довольно рискованным делом. Я сказал ядру, что займусь этим. Плохо со временной точки зрения, действительно. Жан сейчас внизу в Мельбурне, а нашу милую 3-ю Джейн оставила здесь все дела". - "Босс", - сказала она, - "знаешь Зиммут?" - "Имя, да. Имя, которое, возможно, творит чудеса. Князь ада, без сомнения. В мои времена, дорогая Молли, я знал много князей. И не так мало дам... Даже одна испанская королева однажды спала в этой постели..." Но он отклонился от темы. Он хрипло кашлянул и напрягся, при этом бутылка упала на ковер рядом с его обнаженным ногой. - "И как я отклоняюсь от темы. В холоде". Но скоро это закончится. Я разморозил Джейн, когда проснулся. Странно, что каждый несколько десятилетий лежать в постели женщины, которая в правовом смысле является твоей собственной дочерью... - Он посмотрел на нее и затем на пустые мониторы. Ему показалось, что он замерз. - "Глаза Мари-Франс" - сказал он слабым голосом и улыбнулся. - "Мы вызываем аллергическую реакцию мозга на определенные собственные нейротрансмиттеры, что вызывает особенную чувствительную форму болезненной самоидентификации". Его голова наклонилась в сторону, затем снова поднялась. - "Слышал, что сейчас это проще сделать с помощью встроенного микрочипа", - сказал он. Бутылка скользнула из его руки и упала на ковер. - "Мечты растут медленно, как лед", - сказал он.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
His face had a blue cast. His head sank back onto the waiting leather, and he started snoring.  Up, get the gun. Ashpool's automatic in her hand, she walked through the room. A massive quilt lay next to the bed in a broad pool of congealed blood, glistening thick on the patterned carpets. As she pushed back a corner of the quilt, she discovered a girl whose white shoulder blades were smudged with blood. Her throat was slit. The triangular blade of some sort of switchblade gleamed in the dark pool. Molly went down on her knees, careful not to get covered in blood, and turned the dead girl's face towards the light. The face Case had seen at the restaurant.  It clicked, right in the heart of things, and the world froze. Molly's Simstim transmission was frozen into a still image. Her fingers lingered on the girl's cheek. The still image lasted three seconds, then the face morphed into Linda Lee's face.  Another click, and the room swam. Molly stood there, looking at the golden laser disc next to a small console on the marble nightstand top. A light guide ran like a leech line from the console to a contact on the slender neck.  "Know the number, ass," Case said, feeling his lips move somewhere far away. He knew Wintermute had altered the transmission. Molly hadn't seen how the girl's face dissolved into smoke and became Linda Lee's death mask.  Molly turned away. She went to Ashpool's chair. 

235

The man breathed shallowly and spasmodically. She looked at the mess of drugs and alcohol. She put down his pistol, picked up her dart, set the barrel to single shot, and carefully inserted a poison dart into the closed left eyelid. The man twitched briefly, his breath failing in mid-inhale. His other eye, brown and unfathomable, slowly opened.  It was still open when Molly turned away and left the room.  "Get your boss on," said the flatline. "The second Hosaka on that other ship up there, the one we hitchhiked. It's called Haniwa."  "I know," Case said. "I saw it."

A triangle of white light pushed itself in front of him and obscured Tessier-Ashpool's ice; it showed the wild, razor-sharp, completely insane face of Armitage with his empty button eyes. Armitage blinked. Stared.  "I guess Wintermute took care of your Turing too, huh? Just like he did mine," Case said.

Armitage stared. Case resisted the sudden urge to look away, to lower his gaze.  "You okay, Armitage?"

"Case," and for a moment it seemed something stirred behind the blue stare - "you've seen Wintermute, right? In the Matrix."

Case nodded. A camera on the front of his Hosaka in Marcus Garvey would relay the gesture to the monitor in Haniwa. He imagined Maelcum, unable to hear construction and Armitage's trancelike muttering.  "Case," and Armitage's eyes widened as he bent over his computer - "what do you see him as?"

"As a high-resolution Simstim construct."

"Who?  "

"Finne... the last time... Before that, a pimp... I..."

"Not General Girling?"

The triangle turned black.  "Let it replay! The Hosaka should check," he told the construct. He switched off.  The perspective confused him. Molly crouched between steel trusses, two meters above a broad, patchy concrete floor. The room was a hangar or service bay. Case could see three spacecraft, none larger than Garvey, all in various repair phases. Japanese voices. Someone in an orange overall stepped out of a crack in the hull of a bulging construction vehicle and stood next to one of its piston-driven arms that looked unnaturally human. The man tapped something into a portable console and scratched his ribs. A cart-like, red drone rolled on gray balloon tires into view.

CASE blinked her chip. "Hey," she said.  "I'll wait for someone to show me the way." She crouched down on her heels. The arms and knees of her modern suit showed the blue-gray of the painted trusses. Her leg ached steadily, sharply now.  "Should've taken Chin," she muttered.

Something ticked softly from the darkness, moving closer to her shoulder height. It stopped. The ball-shaped body swayed on long, curved spider legs, fired a microsecond flash of diffused laser light and froze. It was a Micro drone of Braun brand. Case had once owned such a model, a useless toy he'd gotten in a hardware dealer swap with a Cleveland collector. The thing looked like a stylized, matte-black spider mite. A red LED at the equator of the sphere began pulsing. The body wasn't bigger than a baseball.  "Okay," she said, "I'm receiving you." She stood up, shifting her weight to her left leg, and watched as the drone turned around. Methodically, she searched for a way back on the truss and disappeared into the darkness. Molly turned back to the service bay. The man in orange sealed the front of a white vacuum suit. She watched him put on his helmet and seal it, take his console and disappear again through the crack in the construction vehicle's hull. Motors roared, and the thing glided on a ten-meter circle on the floor, disappearing in a blinding arc lamp light. The red drone waited patiently at the edge of the hole left by the elevator platform.

Already it followed Braun, weaving through a forest of sweat-glistened steel trusses.  The Braun blinked its LED constantly, signaling her forward.  "How's it going, Case? Back in Garvey with Maelcum? Sure thing. And plugged in. I like that, you know? It's kind of like I'm having a conversation with myself when I'm in a jam. You know, pretend I have friends I can trust, tell them what I'm feeling, and they'll tell me what they think...  Something like that. With you it's the same way. This scene with Ashpool..." She bit her lip as she rounded a truss and kept an eye on the drone.  "I was expecting something less… bizarre, understand? I mean these people here are total fuck-ups, got some kind of glowing light behind their foreheads or something. I don't like the way this looks, I don't like the smell... "

The drone climbed a nearly invisible ladder of U-shaped steel bars to a narrow, dark opening.  "And if I'm going to trust you, baby, maybe I should confess that I didn't really expect to make it out of this alive. I've been on this sinking ship for a while now, and you're the only bright spot since I signed up with Armitage." She looked up at the black circle. The drone's LED blinked.  "Not saying you're the best, though." She smiled, but not for long. As she started to climb, her teeth gritted together against the stabbing pain in her leg. The ladder led up a metal tube just wide enough for her shoulders.

She climbed out of gravity into weightlessness. Her chip pulsed the time.  16:23:04.  It had been a long day. The clarity of her vision tempered the nagging beta-phenethylamine that still set Case's nerves on edge. He bore the pain in his leg.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
CASE: 0000 00000000000 0000000000. "I guess you've got your problems too," she said after a pause, shifting all her weight onto her right leg. She looked down; a weak circle of light not much bigger than the brass plate of the CHUBB key hanging between her breasts. She looked up. Nothing to see. She pressed her tongue against her amplifier, and the tube stretched into infinity. The brown one climbed the rungs. "No one's said anything," she remarked. The case was closed. "Maelcum..." "You, your boss, he's gone nuts." The Zionite wore a blue Sanyo vacuum suit twenty years older than Case had rented in Freeside. He held his helmet under his arm and had packed his mane into a purple cotton net of knotted yarn. His pupils were slit-shaped from the grass and tension. "Constantly giving orders, you do, starts a Babylonian war..." Maelcum shook his head. "Spoke to Aerol, and he spoke to Zion. The Founders say get out, get away from here." He rubbed his broad, brown palm over his mouth. "Armitage?" Case tensed as the beta-phenethylamine hangover hit him full force, now that the protective effects of the Matrix and Simstim were gone. There are no nerves in my brain, he thought, it can't hurt so bad. "What do you mean by 'he gives orders'? What kind?" "You, Armitage, you say I should head for Finland, get it? You say there's hope, understand? It shows up on my monitor with a lot of blood on the shirt, you know, crazy as a dog, babbling about screaming fists and Russia and the blood of traitors that's coming for us." He shook his head again; the net bounced in the sweat. His mouth tightened. "The Founders say the silent voice is a false prophet and Aerol and I are to leave Marcus Garvey and come back." "Armitage hurt? Bleeding?" "I can't tell you, but he's bleeding, Case. Crazy as hell." "Okay," said Case. "And what about me? You're going home. What about me, Maelcum?" "You," said Maelcum, "you come with me! We go to Zion with Aerol and Babylon Rocker. Let Mr. Armitage talk to the ghost cassette - ghost to ghost..."  Case glanced briefly over his shoulder: his rented suit hung in the net where he'd stuffed it, swaying in the draft from the old Russian scraper. He closed his eyes. He saw the toxin sacs breaking down in his arteries. He saw Molly climbing over the endless steel bars. He opened his eyes. "Don't know, man," he said with a strange taste in his mouth. He looked at his deck, his hands. "Don't know." He looked up again. The brown face was now calm and focused. Maelcums chin was hidden behind the high ring of his old blue suit.  "She's in," he said. "Molly's in. In Straylight, that's the name of the villa. If there is a Babylon, man, this is it. We leave her or she doesn't come out, whether knife or not." Maelcum nodded. The crocheted cotton net bounced like a balloon.  "Your girl, Case?"  "Don't know. Maybe nobody's girl." He shrugged and found his anger again, sharp as a hot stone splinter under his ribs. "Fuck you," he said. "Fuck you, Armitage, fuck you, Wintermute! I'm staying here!" A smile lit Maelcums face. "Maelcum's a tough guy, Case. Garvey is Maelcums ship." He pressed a button with his gloved hand and the bassy, rocky sound of Zion boomed from the ship's speakers.  "Maelcum doesn't run, no," he said. "I'll talk to Aerol. He'll see it too." Case widened his eyes. "I don't understand you guys at all," he said. "Neither do I, you," said the Zionite, nodding to the music, "but we have to act in Jehovah's love, each of us."  Case switched on Matrix.  "Can you hear me?"  "Yes." He saw that the Chinese program was awake; fine arcs of flowing, multicolored colors reached for the T-A ice.  "Now go harder," said the voice.  "Your boss wiped the memory in Hosaka and almost gave us away. You, your buddy Wintermute, told me what's up before it got black. That Straylight isn't exactly teeming with Tessier-Ashpool, that's because most are in cryosleep. There's a law firm in London that runs its business. They should know who's awake when. Armitage routed the transmissions from London to Straylight through his Hosaka on the yacht. By the way, they know the old man is dead."  "Who knows?"  "The lawyers and T-A. He had a medical monitoring probe at his sternum. Not that the arrow of your sweetie would have left much for the resuscitation team to do. Neurotoxin. But the only one awake in Straylight is Lady 3Jane Marie-France. There's another male T-A, a few years older and just arriving from Australia. If you ask me, I'd bet Wintermute had something to do with getting Jeans presence required for this deal. But he's already on his way home now or right before. The lawyers in London give Straylight's estimated time of arrival as 21:00:00 tonight. We introduced Kuang at 14:32:03. It is now  16:45:20.  Approximately, Kuang has penetrated the T-A core no later than plus/minus 20:30:00. I think something's going on between Wintermute and 3Jane or she'd be just as crazy as her age. But the guy coming up from Melbourne knows his stuff. The Straylight security systems are constantly trying to sound an alarm, but Wintermute blocks them somehow. He couldn't shut down the main gate though, to let Molly in. Armitage had all that saved in his Hosaka; Riviera must have talked 3Jane into it. She's been able to manipulate gates and exits for years. It seems to me one of T-A's biggest problems is that every better family member messes up the databanks with personal stuff and exceptions. It's kind of like...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As if your immune system had collapsed. Ready for the virus. It looks good for us, once we make it through the ice. "Okay," but Wintermute said Arm... A white diamond leaped into the frame, filled with zoomed-in blue eyes, crazy eyes. Case was stunned. Colonel Willie Corto, Special Forces, Screaming Fist intervention troops, had found his way back. The image was blurry, jerky, and out of focus. Corto used the navigation deck of the Haniwa to contact Hosaka on the Marcus Garvey. "Case, I need damage reports on Omaha Thunder." "Colonel...?" "Hold on, kid! Think about your training." But where were you, man? he asked silently through the tormented eyes. Wintermute had built something called Armitage into the catatonic bulwark of a certain Corto. He'd convinced Corto that Armitage was real and Armitage had been moving around, talking, scheming, amassing capital through data trading... And now Armitage was gone, blown away by the storms of Corto's madness. But where had Corto been all these years? Fallen, burned and blinded from the Siberian hell. "Case, it'll be hard for you to get used to that, I know," he said, his voice cracking. "You're an officer. The training... I understand." But Sir, Colonel, what exactly are we supposed to do now? I mean, right now. "Our duty, Case, is to escape. To withdraw. We can make it to the Finnish border by tonight. Manual low-level flight over the peaks. On the belly, kid. But that'll only be the beginning." He squeezed his blue eyes together over the tear-stained cheeks. "Only the beginning. Betrayal from above... from above..." He stepped back from the camera, dark spots on his torn shirt. Armitage's face was mask-like and rigid, but Corto's expression was a schizoid grin. The illness distorted his features, disfigured the expensive work of a plastic surgeon.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Вулл пробился сквозь бумажные ленты, которые блокировали ему путь, и последовал за ним в большую комнату, в салон. Здесь снова были стулья, застегнутые как бар, и Хосака. Принтер, который все еще извергал бумажные ленты, был встроенным устройством, гладким щелем в покрытой рукой мебельной отделке. Вулл скользнул по круглым стульям и схватил его, прижимая белый лоб рядом с щелем. Шум прекратился. Он обернулся и посмотрел на Хосаку. На передней панели было как минимум дюжина отверстий, маленькие круглые отверстия с черными краями. Светлые металлические искры кружились вокруг мертвого компьютера, как небесные тела. «Правильно угадал», — сказал он Малкум. «Мост закрыт, ты», — ответил Малкум с другой стороны салона. Освещение погасло, замигало, снова погасло. Вулл вырвал бумагу из щели. Еще нули. «Винтермут?», — спросил он, оглядываясь по комнате в бежево-коричневом салоне, где бумажные ленты кружились. «Ты светил, Винтермут?» Он увидел, как губы Малкума двигались за защитной решеткой. Малкум потирал пот на лбу и обратился к экрану. «Можешь читать по-японски?» Вулл заметил, что над монитором мигали символы. «Нет», — ответил он. «Мост — это спасательная капсула, лодка спасения. Похоже на отсчет. Наденьте защитное снаряжение немедленно!» Он надел шлем и застегнул его. 250

— Что? Он взлетает? Черт! — Вулл отшатнулся от устройства и пролетел сквозь бумажные ленты. — Нам нужно открыть дверь, человек! Но Малкум мог только потрясти головой к шлему. Вулл видел, как его губы двигаются за стеклянной панелью. Он заметил каплю пота, которая скользила по цветной ленте на фиолетовой перучке, в которой Зионит заплетал свои волосы. Малкум схватил шлем Вулла, аккуратно надев его и застегнув застежки пальцами своих перчаток. Микро-LED-мониторы загорелись слева от экрана, когда была закрыта застежка шеи. — Не паникуй, — сказал Малкум через свой шлем-радио, — но отсчет неверный. Он коснулся определенной строки на экране. — Мост не закрыт, модуль управления мостом. Запускается с открытой люком. — «Армитедж!» — крикнул Вулл, пытаясь постучать по двери. Законы невесомости заставили его катиться назад, пробиваясь сквозь бумажные ленты. — Корто! Нет! Нам нужно поговорить! Нам... — «Вулл? Я слышу тебя, Вулл...» Голос Армитеджа больше не напоминал его. Он был странно спокойным. Вулл перестал бормотать. Его шлем ударился о стену. — Извини, Вулл, но другого выхода нет. Один из нас должен выбраться отсюда. Один из нас должен остаться свидетелем. Если мы все погибнем здесь, конец. Я скажу им, Вулл, я расскажу всё. О девушке и других... И я справлюсь, Вулл. Я знаю, что смогу. До Хельсинки. Внезапно наступила тишина; Вулл почувствовал, как его наполняет благородный газ. — Но это будет тяжело, Вулл, черт возьми, очень тяжело. Я слепой.

— Корто, остановись! Подожди! Ты слепой, человек. Ты не можешь летать. Ты приземлишься в проклятых деревьях. И они попытаются тебя поймать, Корто, они оставили твой люк открытым. Ты умрешь, ты никогда не сможешь им все рассказать, и мне нужен этот фермент, название фермента... — Он кричал в отчаянии на высшем уровне. Эхо от зеркальных поверхностей шлемных наушников пронзало его уши. — Помни тренировку, Вулл. Мы ничего не можем сделать.

И тогда в шлеме раздавался странный шум, статичный гул; оригинальный звук «Крикящей кулака» преодолел прошедшее время. Несколько фраз по-русски, затем голос молодой девушки из Среднего Запада. — Мы внизу. Повторяю, «Омаха Тандер» внизу. Мы...

— Винтермут! — крикнул Вулл — не делай этого со мной! Слёзы текли по его вискам, отскакивая от защитного экрана шлема в блестящих каплях. Тогда «Ханива» дрогнула, тряслась, как будто что-то огромное и белое ударило по корпусу. Вулл воображал, как спасательная лодка, оторванная от своих взрывных болтов, резко отделяется и, подобно внезапному, ураганному всасывающему потоку выброшенной воздуха, вырывает из своего кресла безумного полковника Корто. — Я ухожу, — сказал Малкум. — Люк открыт. «Тишайший» обошел систему управления.

Вулл пытался вытереть слезы гнева. Его пальцы стучали по стеклянной панели. — Лодка герметична, но начальник взял с собой управление захватчиками. Маркус Гэрви все еще застрял.

Но Вулл видел, как Армитедж падает бесконечно по Фрисайду, через вакуум, холоднее степей. По какой-то причине он представлял его в своем темном бурбери: тяжелые складки плаща, раскрытого как крылья летучей мыши. 17 — Ты получил то, что хотел? — спросила плоская линия. «Куанг Град Марк 11» заполнял сетку между собой и ледяным Т-А с гипнотическими тонкими лучами, узором, похожим на цветы льда на зимнем окне. — Винтермут убил Армитеджа. Он выбросил его в спасательной лодке с открытым люком.

— О, блин, — сказала плоская линия. — Не был ли он просто дураком?

— Он знал, как избавиться от мешков с токсинами.

— Тогда Винтермут тоже знает. Можешь на это положиться.

— Я не уверен, что Винтермут поделится этим.

Ужасная фальшивая лягушка конструкции царапала его нервы, как тупой нож. — Ты хочешь сказать, ты начинаешь понимать?

Он нажал кнопку Симстим. 18:27:52. Он отслеживал ее путь через Странную светлую виллу уже больше часа и позволил эндорфинному препарату, который она приняла, вывести его из опьянения. Боль в ноге исчезла; казалось, она наслаждалась теплой ванной. Браун-дрон сидел на ее плече, с маленькими захватчиками, похожими на пуховые подушки.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The klammers were gone, firmly anchored in the polycarbonate of her modern suit. The walls here were of bare steel, covered with rough brown epoxy strips where some kind of cladding had been removed. Molly had hidden from the workers, hunched over, dart in hand, her dress a steely grey while two slender Africans passed by on their balloon-tired cart. The men had shaved heads and wore orange overalls. One hummed a tune in a language Case had never heard; it was alien, unnerving sounds. The words of the head and Jane's essay on stray light came back to him as Molly ventured deeper into the labyrinth. Straylight was crazy, a madness that grew in the concrete bound with powdered moon rock, in the welded steel and tons of trinket, the bizarre baggage they had brought up through the shaft to furnish their coiled nest. But this madness remained incomprehensible to him. Unlike Armitage's madness, which he now, as he imagined, could follow. Bend a man enough, bend him back and forth, and he breaks. Like a piece of wire. That was how the story of Colonel Corto had unfolded. The tale had already begun its heavy labor when Wintermute found him, plucked him out of all the debris of war, intruded into his flat grey awareness like a water strider gliding over a murky pond, and sent the first messages over the monitor of a toy microcomputer in the darkened ward of his French asylum. Wintermute had pieced Armitage back together using Corto's memories as foundation. Of course, Armitage's "memories" would not be Corto's after a certain point. Case doubted that Armitage could remember the betrayal, the plummeting, burning Nightwings... Armitage was essentially a redacted version of Corto, and when their operation reached a certain intensity, the Armitage mechanism cracked. Corto had penetrated to the surface with his guilt and rage. And now Corto-Armitage was dead, a frosty doll from Freeside. He thought about the toxin bags. The old Ashpool was also dead; Molly's microscopic dart that pierced his eye had brought him the lethal overdose he had mixed. He added more enigmas to this death, this death of a mad king. And he had killed the doll he called his daughter, with Jane's face. It seemed to Case, as he drifted through the corridors of Straylight using Molly's broadcasted perceptions as a vehicle, that he had never imagined someone like Ashpool, someone so powerful as he always saw Ashpool, to be human. Power in Case's eyes meant economic power. The Zaibatsus, the multinational corporations that determined the course of human history, had overcome old barriers. As an organism considered, they had achieved a kind of immortality. You couldn't kill a Zaibatsu by assassinating a dozen key executives; others would be ready to take their place, filling the vacant positions and gaining access to the vast banks of corporate memory. But Tessier-Ashpool was different, and he felt the difference with the founder's death. T-A was an atavism, a clan. He remembered the clutter in the old man's room, the grimy humanity of it, the crushed backs of ancient vinyl records in their cardboard sleeves. One foot bare, the other in velvet slippers. The brown man tugged at the hood of Molly's modern suit and Molly turned left into another vault. Wintermute and the nest. Phobic visions of wasp brood, a biological machine gun in time-lapse. But not like the Zaibatsus or the Yakuza, hatching with cybernetic memory, huge individual organisms with siliconglue DNA? If Straylight was an expression of Tessier-Ashpool's corporate identity, then T-A was just as crazy as the old man. The same tangle of fears, the same peculiar sense of purpose. "If they had become what they wanted..." Case heard Molly say in his memory. But they hadn't, Wintermute had explained. Case always assumed that the right bosses, the bigwigs in an industry, were more and less than humans. He saw it in the people who mutilated him in Memphis, he observed it in Night City's Wage, who liked to give off the impression of being important, and it allowed him to reconcile Armitage's lust and lack of emotion. He always felt it as a gradual, voluntary adaptation to the machine, the system, the parent organism. That was also where street coolness came from, the insider tour that hinted at connections leading to hidden spheres of influence. But what was going on in the corridors of Villa Straylight? Entire sections had been stripped down to steel and concrete. "Where's our Peter hiding, I wonder? Maybe I'll get a look at the kid soon," she whispered. "And Armitage, Case? Where is Armitage?" "Dead," said Case, who knew she couldn't hear him. "He's dead." He switched off. The Chinese program now faced the target; slowly, the rainbow coloring was drowned out by the green rectangle that represented T-A's core. Emerald green arcs spanned the colorless void. "How's it going, Dixie?" "Fine. It glides. This thing is a beast. I would've loved to have one in Singapore back then. The New Bank of Asia tied me up for fifty percent of its actual value." But that was old history. This baby spared you all the hassle. You'd wonder how a real war would look... "If this shit were on the street, we'd be out of work," Case said. "Wait until you steer this thing through the black ice." "Sure." Something small and clearly non-geometric had just appeared at the far end of one of the emerald green arcs. "Dixie..." "Yeah. I saw it. Don't know if I believe it." A brown spot, a dark mosquito in front of T-A's green wall. The thing approached over the bridge built by Kuang Grade Mark 11, and Case saw that it walked on legs. As it...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
As she advanced, the green section of the bow stretched and rolled the colour play of the virus program back a few steps in front of the cracked, black shoes. "I'll leave that to you, Boss," said the Flatline as the squat, messy fin seemed to have closed within a few metres. "Something like this I've never seen in my lifetime." But the eerie silence remained absent. "My first attempt in that direction," said the Finne, baring his teeth and tucking his hands into the pockets of his frayed jacket. "You killed Armitage," said Case. "Corto. Yes. Armitage was already gone. I had to do it. I know, I know, you want the enzyme. Fine. No problem. Armitage got it from me entirely, if I may say so. I mean, I told him what to use." But he thought it would be better to leave it at that. "You have plenty of time," he said. "I'll give it to you. Just a few more hours, right?" Case watched the blue smoke spreading in the kyberspace as the Finne lit one of his partags. "Your kind," said the Finne, "you're a plague. This Flatline here, well, if you were like him, it'd be a piece of cake. He's constructed, just a heap of ROM. He does whatever I want. My calculation predicted that the likelihood of Molly infiltrating the big drop at Ashpool was very low, to give just one example." He sighed. "Why did he kill himself?" asked Case. "Why does anyone kill themselves?" The figure shrugged. "I guess I know why someone would do such a thing, but it would take half a day to explain all the factors in his background and their cascading effects. He'd been determined for a long time, but every time he went back into the freezer." God, he was an annoying old bastard. The Finne contorted his face in disgust. "It's mainly about why he killed his wife, to put it simply. But what really sent him over the edge was when little 3Jane found a way to manipulate the program that controlled his cryosleep." It was clever. In essence, she had killed him. Of course, he believed he'd killed himself while your friend, the vengeful angel, thought she'd killed him with a shot of switcher poison in the eye. "Well, I think I've given 3Jane the crucial tip, a little bit of the old know-how," said the Finne.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Der Eingang zu Tessier-Ashpools Kältezellen schien durch runde Türen aus schwarzem, chromgefaßtem Glas gebildet zu sein. Sie hatte seit den beiden Afrikanern mit ihrem Wagen niemanden mehr gesehen, die für Case gewissermaßen eine imaginäre Existenz annahmen. Er stellte sich vor, wie sie durch die Hallen von Straylight schwebten, wie ihre glatten, glänzenden Kahlköpfe nickten, während einer immer noch sein lustloses Liedchen summte. Nichts davon entsprach der Villa Straylight, wie er sie sich vorgestellt hatte: eine Mischung aus Caths Märchenschloß und dem Heiligtum des Yakuza, das von unterbewussten Kinderträumen geprägt war. 19:02:18. Eineinhalb Stunden. „Case“, sagte sie, „mach mir einen Gefallen!“ Steif ließ sie sich auf einem Stapel polierter, mit einer rauen Schutzschicht aus klarem Plastik versehener Stahlplatten nieder. Sie tastete mit den Klingen, die an ihren Daumen und Zeigefingern hervorblitzten, an einem Riss im Plastik der obersten Platte herum. „Das Bein ist noch nicht geheilt“, wusste sie, „ich hatte nicht mit so einer Kletterpartie gerechnet, und das Endorphin hilft nicht mehr. Es könnte also – nur vielleicht, klar? – Probleme hier geben. Wenn ich hier vor Riviera hinausgehe, zum Beispiel.“ Und sie streckte das Bein aus und knetete den Oberschenkel durch das Modern-Polykarbonat und Pariser Leder. „Ich will, dass du es ihm sagst“, sagte sie, „sag ihm, dass ich’s war. Verstanden? Sag einfach, es war Molly. Er wird’s wissen.“ Sie sah sich im leeren Korridor mit den glatten Wänden um. Der Boden war hier aus rauem Mondbeton, und es roch harzig. „Scheiße, Mann“, sagte sie, „ich weiß nicht einmal, ob du mir zuhörst.“

CASE. Sie zuckte zusammen, kam wieder zu sich und nickte. „Was hat er dir erzählt, Wintermute? Hat er das mit Marie-France besprochen? Sie war die Tessier-Hälfte, Janes genetische Mutter. Und von der toten Puppe von Ashpool, schätze ich. Ich verstehe nicht, warum er mir das in der Kabine da unten gesagt hat... so viel Zeug. Warum er als Finne oder sonst wer scheint, hat er mir erklärt. Es ist nicht nur eine Masche. Er benutzt fast echte Profile als Ventil, als Übersetzung, um mit uns kommunizieren zu können. Er sprach von Schablone. Persönlichkeitsmodell.“ Sie zog ihre Flechette und hinkte den Korridor hinunter.

Blanker Stahl und schuppiges Epoxid endeten plötzlich, abgelöst von einem groben Tunnel, der in massiven Fels gesprengt war, wie Case zunächst dachte. Als Molly die Kante untersuchte, stellte sie fest, dass der Stahl tatsächlich mit einer Masse beschichtet war, die auskam und sich anfühlte wie kalter Stein. Sie ging in die Knie und inspizierte den dunklen Sand, der den Boden des künstlichen Tunnels bedeckte. Er fühlte sich kühl und trocken wie Sand an, aber als sie mit den Fingern hindurchstrich, fließte er zusammen wie Wasser, so dass eine glatte Oberfläche zurückblieb. Ein Dutzend Meter weiter vorne bog der Tunnel ab. Glühendes gelbes Licht warf harte Schatten auf die fugige Kunststeinwände. Case bemerkte erschrocken, dass die Schwerkraft hier vom normalen Wert auf der Erde abwich, was bedeutete, dass Molly nach der Kletterpartie wieder einen Abstieg vor sich hätte. Er war desorientiert; Orientierungslosigkeit war ein besonderer Albtraum für einen Cowboy.

Aber Molly wusste sich zurecht, dachte er. Etwas huschte zwischen ihren Beinen hindurch und tickte über den Nichtsandboden. Eine rote LED blinkte. Der Braun. Das erste Holo, eine Art Dreiergruppe, wartete unmittelbar hinter der Kurve auf sie. Sie hatte die Flechette darauf gerichtet, bevor er erkannte, dass es sich um eine Aufzeichnung handelte. Die Gestalten waren Karikaturen aus Licht, lebensgroße Cartoons: Molly, Armitage und Case. Mollys Brüste, die durch das straffe, schwarze Netzgewebe der schweren Lederjacke sichtbar waren, waren zu groß. Ihre Taille war unwahrscheinlich schmal. Verspiegelte Linsen bedeckten das halbe Gesicht. Sie hielt eine überladene Waffe in der Hand, eine Pistole, deren Form kaum noch erkennbar war angesichts der aufgeflanschten Zielfernrohre und Schall- und Mündungsfeuerdämpfer. Die Beine waren gespreizt, der Unterleib vorgewölbt, der Mund erstarrt zu einem blöden, grausamen, lüsternen Grinsen. Neben ihr stand Armitage in steifer Achtungshaltung mit einer abgetragenen Khakiuniform. Seine Augen, als Case sah, wie Molly nähertrat, waren winzige Bildschirme, über die blau-graue Szenen flimmerten: eine zugige Schneewüste, durchsetzt von fleckigen, schwarzen Nadelbäumen, die sich stumm im Wind beugten.

Sie griff mit den Fingerspitzen durch Armitages Fernsehaugen hindurch und wandte sich dann der Case-Figur zu. Hier hatte Riviera – und Case wusste sofort, dass Riviera dahintersteckte – offensichtlich nichts gefunden, das einer Parodie würdig wäre. Die Figur entsprach dem, was er täglich im Spiegel sah. Mager, schmalschultrig, unauffällig das Gesicht unter dem kurzen, dunklen Haar. Er brauchte eine Rasur, was freilich nicht ungewöhnlich war. Molly trat zurück. Ihr Blick wanderte von einer Figur zur nächsten. Es war eine statische Darstellung; die einzige Bewegung war das Schaukeln der schwarzen Bäume in Armitages frostklirrenden, sibirischen Augen. „Soll das uns etwas sagen, Peter?“, fragte sie leise. Dann trat sie vor und stieß mit dem Fuß gegen etwas zwischen den Beinen der Holo-Molly. Etwas Metallisches klirrte gegen die Wand, und die Figuren waren weg. Sie bückte sich nach dem kleinen Projektor. „Ich schätze, er kann sich da einstecken und sie direkt programmieren“, sagte sie und warf das Gerät fort.

Sie passierte die Quelle des gelben Lichts, eine altertümlicher Glühbirne, die in die Wand eingelassen und mit einem rundgebogenen, rostigen Gitter gesichert war. Die behelfsmäßige Lampe erinnerte Case irgendwie an seine Kindheit. Er dachte an die Festungen, die er mit anderen Kindern auf Dächern und in überschwemmten Kellern gebaut hatte. Versteck eines reichen Kindes, dachte er. So etwas Urtümliches ist teuer. Atomosphäre nannten sie das.

Molly passierte ein weiteres Dutzend Hologramme, bis sie vor der Tür von Janes Wohnung stand. Eines stellte das augenlose Ungetüm aus der Gasse hinter dem Gewürzbasar dar, wie es aus dem verstümmelten Körper von Riviera hervorbruch. Einige andere waren Folterszenen: der Inquisitor immer ein Armeeoffizier, das Opfer immer eine junge Dame. Diese Szenen hatten die grausige Intensität der Riviera-Show im Vingtième Siècle, als wären sie in orgastischem Blau erstarrt. Molly schaute weg, als sie daran vorbeiging.

Das letzte war klein und unscharf, als hätte Riviera es über die verschwiegene Distanz von Zeit und Erinnerung herbeigezerrt. Sie musste sich hinknien, um es zu betrachten; es war aus der Perspektive eines kleinen Kindes dargestellt. Keines der anderen Hologramme hatte einen Hintergrund; die Figuren, Uniformen, Folterwerkzeuge standen frei im Raum. Dieses hingegen war eine Szene.

Ein dunkler Schuttberg erhob sich zum farblosen Himmel; hinter dem Wall ragten bleiche, halb zerbrochene Turmskelette auf. Der Schuttberg war 265
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Структурированное как сетка; ржавые стальные тросы, изгибающиеся плавно, словно тонкие нити, с огромными кусками бетона на концах. Передний план напоминал бывший городской площадь; там было основание, напоминающее фонтан. Внизу, у ног, дети и солдат, застывшие в неподвижности. Картина сначала пугала. Молли, кажется, правильно поняла её, прежде чем Кейс дотронулся до неё, потому что он почувствовал, как она сжалась. Она рвалась и снова вставала. Дети. Разрушенные, в лохмотьях. Зубы, щелкающие как ножи. Раны на искажённых лицах. Солдат лежал на спине, рот и горло открыты к небу. Они ели. «Бонн», — сказала она с каким-то мягким тоном. — Совершенно продукт этого, верно, Питер? Но это было необходимо. Наша ТриДжейн уже слишком перегружена, чтобы открывать задние двери для маленьких воров. Поэтому Винтермут послал тебя. Самое изысканное по вкусу, если твой вкус таков. Бizarный в любви, Питер». Она дрожала. — Но ты убедил её впустить меня. Спасибо. Мы скоро будем вместе праздновать вечеринку. И тогда она ушла — да, даже несмотря на боль — оставив за собой детство Ривьеры. Она вытащила стрелу из лука, развернула пластиковый магазин и вставила другой. Она прижала большой палец к горлу костюма для моды, разорвав его до пояса с одним резким движением, когда клинок её пальца прорезал твёрдый поликарбонат как хрупкую шёлк. Она освободилась от рукавов и ног; клочья исчезли, упав на темный искусственный песок. Только сейчас Кейс заметил музыку. Музыка, которая ему была совершенно незнакома. Трубы и пианино. Вход в мир ТриДжейн не имел двери. Это был 5-метровый разрыв в стене туннеля. Неравномерные ступеньки вели вниз по изогнутой, лёгкой траектории. Синий свечение, танцующие тени, музыка. — Кейс, — сказала она и остановилась, взяв стрелу в правую руку. Она подняла левую, улыбнулась и коснулась ладонью влажного кончика. По связке Симстим. — Я должна идти, — сказала она. Затем в её левой руке было что-то маленькое и тяжёлое; большой палец на крошечном пинете, она спускалась вниз. Она почти промахнулась. Это было близко. Она подходила правильно, подумал Кейс. С правильным настроем; это было что-то, что он мог почувствовать, то, что он мог бы увидеть в позе другого ковбоя, склонившегося над палубой и скользящего пальцами по клавишам. У неё был правильный поворот, правильная походка. И она использовала все свои возможности для выступления. Все свои возможности против боли в ноге. Она шла по лестнице ТриДжейн так, как будто магазин её собственный. Локтевой сустав винтовки в её плече, предплечье вверх, запястье свободно, она поворачивала ствол своей стрелы с сдержанной легкостью дуэлиста Режанса. Это было представление. Это был, как он знал, кульминационный момент из бесконечного потребления воинственных видео, дешёвых, которые также воспитали Кейса. На несколько мгновений она была, как он знал, тем обиженным героем: Сонни Мао в старых видео Шоу, Микки Чибе, весь ряд до Ли и Иствуда. Она подходила к этому так же, как сказала. Леди ТриДжейн Мари-Франс Тессье-Ашпул создала плоскую местность, прилегавшую к внутренней стороне оболочки Страйлайт, изгнав из своего наследия запутанный лабиринт стен. Она жила в одном комнате, которая была такой широкой и глубокой, что фон был размыт на обратном горизонте, когда изгиб спиндля исчезал пол. Потолок был низким и неровным, изготовленным из того же искусственного камня, который покрывал стены. Здесь и там стояли высокие, угловатые остатки стен, напоминающие лабиринт. Перед ней был бирюзовый бассейн на расстоянии 10 метров от лестницы, чьи подводные лучи были единственным источником света в квартире, по крайней мере, так казалось Кейсу, когда Молли сделала последний шаг. Бассейн отражал танцующие световые блики на потолке над ним. Они ждали у бассейна. Он знал, что её отражения будут отполированы, нейрохирургически подготовлены для боя, но он ещё не видел этого в действии через передачу Симстим. Это было как запись на половине скорости: медленный, взвешенный танец,...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
This ground is solid. It's got something to do with the molecules, I assume. Do you have pain? She groaned. "Apparently you've injured your leg." His fin found a flat drug package in her left buttock pocket. "So. Last taste from Ali, and just in time." The writhing, bloody network began to swirl. "Hideo," said another voice, a female one, "she's going to pass out. Give her something! Even against the pain. She's very attractive, don't you think Peter? These glasses, are they in fashion where she comes from?" Cool hands without haste, as sure as medical hands. The prick of a needle. "No idea," said Riviera. "I don't know her homeland. They dragged me out of Turkey." "The sprawl, yes. We have interests there. And once we sent Hideo. It was actually my fault. Someone let in a burglar. He stole the family terminal." She laughed. "I made it easy for him. To annoy them. He was a handsome lad, my burglar. Does she come to herself, Hideo?" "She shouldn't get any more," said a third voice. The blood network turned black. Music returned. Horns and piano. Dance music. CASE::::: :::: POWER OFF :::::: Afterimages of the flickering words danced over Maelcum's eyes and furrowed brow as Case stepped away from the screen. 270 "You screamed earlier, you did." "Molly," he said with a dry throat. "She was lost." He took a white plastic spray bottle from the g-Net edge and sucked a mouthful of stale water out. "I don't like how all this shit is going down." The small Cray monitor came on. The Finn before a backdrop of crumpled, twisted junk. "Me neither. We have a problem there." Maelcum pulled himself over Case's head, stretched, and peered over his shoulder. "Hey, who's that again, Case?" "Just an image, Maelcum," said Case wearily. "A guy I know from the sprawl. It's Wintermute speaking. The image is supposed to make us feel at home." "Bullshit," said the Finn. "As I told Molly, these aren't disguises. I need this to talk to you. Because I don't really have any personality, as you call it, that's all." But Case just shrugged and said, "So speak up, Mute!" Maelcum replied, "First off, we cut Molly's leg off. She can't walk. The plan was for her to stroll in, clear Peter out of the way, and get 3Jane to say the magic word, go up to his head, and say it. That blew." So I want both of you to go in there and follow her." Case stared at the face on the screen. "Us? " "Well, who else?" "Aerol," said Case, "the guy on the Babylon Rocker, Maelcum's buddy." "No. You're the one who has to be. Someone who understands Molly, Armitage blew it with the claw controls. The Haniva has us in its grip. Armitage burned down another Hosaka and the mainframes are gone, right?" The Finn nodded. "So we're stuck here," Case said. "And that means you're done for, man." He wanted to laugh but it got stuck in his throat. 272 "Case, you..." Maelcum whispered, "the Garvey's a scavenger." "Right on," the Finn replied with a smile. "Any fun out there in the big wide world?" asked the Flatline as Case plugged back in. "I think that was Wintermute asking for his pleasure... " "Oh yeah? Kuang okay?" "Full-on. Killer virus." "Okay. We're in trouble but we'll get through it." "Mind telling me what it is?" "No time." "Well, man, no hassle about me. I'm just a corpse anyway." "Fuck off!" Case said and switched off, cutting off the Flatline's cackling laugh. "She dreamed of a state that requires very little individual consciousness," 3Jane said. She held up a large cameo in her hand, giving it to Molly. The finely worked profile was very similar to her own. "Animalistic bliss. I think she saw the evolution of the frontal lobe as some kind of side effect." She withdrew the brooch and examined it, tilting it so that light fell on it from different angles. "Only in certain higher manifestations would an individual - a family member - experience the rather painful aspects of self-awareness... " Molly nodded. Case remembered the injection. What had they injected her with? The pain was still there but it felt like a hardened focus of fuzzy impressions. Neon worms slithered through her thigh, sheets fluttered, and the smell of fried krill assaulted his mind. His thinking recoiled from it. If he focused directly on it, the impressions blended over, becoming a sensory system that sounded like shrill noise. If he could do this with her nervous system, how bad must her condition be?  Her vision was unnaturally clear and bright, even sharper than usual. Things seemed to vibrate, each person, each object tuned to a slightly different frequency. Her hands, still in the sphere, lay on her lap. She sat in one of the recliners. The broken leg lay stretched out on a camel-hair cushion before her. 3Jane sat across from her in another recliner on a giant burnus of unbleached wool. She was very young. "Where did he go?" Molly asked, "to get himself shot?" 3Jane shook her head under the folds of her bright, heavy cloak and brushed a dark strand of hair out of her eyes. "He told me when to let you in," she said. "He didn't want to say why. It had to be a secret. Did you do something to us?" Case felt Molly hesitate.  "I would have killed him. I would have tried to kill the ninja. Then I would have talked to you."  "Why? " 3Jane asked, putting her cameo away in an inner pocket of her garment. "Why? And for what?" Molly studied the fine, high bones of her cheekbones, her wide mouth, her narrow nose. 3Jane's eyes were dark and strangely opaque. "Because I hate him," she finally said. "And that's why."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Это просто склонность. Потому что он такой, какой есть, и я такая, какая есть."

"И шоу", — сказала Три Джейн. "Я видела шоу". Молли кивнула. "Но почему Хидео?" — спросила она. "Потому что они лучшие. Потому что один из них когда-то убил одного из моих партнёров". Три Джейн задумчиво прищурилась. "Почему я должна это сделать?" — спросила Молли. "И тогда мы бы поговорили, ты и я?" Её темные волосы были очень гладкими, разделёнными по центру и закреплёнными блестящей серебряной заколкой. "Нам нужно начать говорить друг с другом?" — спросила она. "Снимай это", — сказала Молли, поднимая свои наручники. "Ты убил моего отца", — сказала Три Джейн в том же тоне, что и у неё. "Посмотри на мониторы. Глаза моей матери". "Он убил куклу. Она выглядела как ты". "Он любил грандиозные жесты", — сказала она, а затем Ривьера, сияя от наркотиков, встал рядом с ней в своей тюремной форме из лённого крепса, которую он носил на крыше своего отеля. "Ты уже познакомилась? Это интересная девушка, не так ли? Я тоже так думал, когда её встретил". Он прошёл мимо Три Джейн. "Это не сработает, знаешь?" — спросил он. "Справедливо не сработает, Питер?" Молли улыбнулась. "Зимнемут не будет первым, кто совершит ту же ошибку. Он недооценивает меня". Он подошел к краю бассейна и подошёл к белоснежному столу, наливая себе минеральную воду в тяжёлый кристаллический стакан для виски. "Он со мной говорил, Молли. Думаю, он говорил с нами всеми. С тобой, Кейсом и Армитеджем, насколько это вообще возможно". Зимнемут не может нас понять. У него есть его профили, но это всего лишь статистика. Ты, возможно, такая статистическая личность, Дарлинг, как и Кейс, но у меня есть качество, которое невозможно количественно оценить". Он выпил. "И что именно ты имеешь в виду, Питер?" — спросила Молли безразлично. Ривьера засиял. "Злоупотребление". Он вернулся к женщинам и размахивал оставшейся водой из твердого, глубоко вырубленного стакана из горного кристалла, как будто ему нравилось его простое веси. "Пристрастие к спонтанным, бессмысленным вещам. И я принял решение, Молли, очень спонтанное решение". Она смотрела на него ожидательно. "Ничего тебе не скажу, Молли. Ну, он рассказывал мне об этом. Три Джейн, конечно, знает ключевое слово, но ты не должна его получить. И Зимнемут тоже. Моя Джейн — амбициозная девушка по-своему странному характеру". Он снова улыбнулся. "У неё есть свои планы для семейного империи, и это безумное двуплановое сочетание искусственного интеллекта — насколько эксцентрична эта концепция — только мешало бы ей. Ну, и тут появляется Ривьера и помогает ей. И Питер говорит: не поддавайся! Играй любимые пластинки твоих папы и пусть Питер сделает подходящую группу и организует танцпол из людей в память о покойном короле Ашпуле". Он выпил оставшуюся минеральную воду. "Ты бы уже не подошёл, папа, ты бы уже не подошёл сейчас, когда Питер вернулся". И с этими словами он разбил стакан своим коктейлем из коина и меперидина, и его кровь и свет врезались в линзу его имплантата. Мэлком лежал на потолке кабины, как Кейс снимал электроды. На его талии был натянут ремень из найлона с резиновыми зажимами и насосными насадками. Он снял рубашку и манипулировал неровным нулевым ключом в средней панели, а толстые пружины устройства громко скрипели, когда он ослабил ещё одну шестигранную гайку. Маркус Гарви стонал и трясся под воздействием g-силы. "Молчаливый требует стыковки", — сказал зионист, вставляя шестигранную гайку в сетчатый мешок на своей талии. "Мэлком приземлит машину. А нам нужны инструменты для работы". "У тебя есть инструменты?" — спросил Кейс, приподнимая голову и наблюдая, как напрягаются мышечные пакеты на коричневой спине. "Там", — сказал Мэлком и вытащил из пространства за панелью длинный свёрнутый пакет в чёрной фольге. Он снова установил панель и закрепил её одной гайкой. Чёрный пакет исчез, пока он это делал. Он открыл вакуумную вену на насосах с помощью большого пальца и вынул оттуда предмет, схватив его за толстый, коротко подстриженный ногтевой ломтик. Он оторвался и парил над инструментами — зелёная диаграмма земли мерцала на центральном мониторе — и схватил g-сет Кейса. Он опустился вниз и разрезал скотч на своём пакете толстым, коротко подстриженным ногтем. "Один китайский сказал когда-то: правда выходит наружу", — сказал он, раскручивая старинное автоматическое ружьё Ремингтон. Лафт был оторван несколько миллиметров перед изуродованным стволом, ручка полностью удалена и заменена деревянной рукояткой с матово-чёрным обшивкой. Мэлком пах свечением пота и травой. "Ничего другого?" — спросил Кейс. "Нет, ты", — ответил Мэлком, вытирая масло красным полотенцем. Сгоревшая чёрная фольга в его руке была удерживаема рукояткой пистолета. "Я и ты, растафарианцы-моряки, верь мне". Кейс снял электроды с своей головы. Он не потрудился надеть снова катетер из Техаса; по крайней мере, теперь он сможет нормально мочиться в вилле Страйлайт, хотя это будет в последний раз. Он подключил себя. "Эй", — сказал он, — "старый Питер совсем сошёл с ума, да?" Они казались теперь частью T-A-Ice; изумрудные арки расширились и слились в единое целое. "Очень близко, Дикси?", — спросил он. "Полностью", — ответила она. "Скоро мне понадобишься". "Слушай, Дик! Зимнемут говорит, что Куанг закрепился в нашем Хосаке. Я должен вытащить тебя и мою палубу, перевести в Страйлайт и снова подключить в программе безопасности там", — сказал Зимнемут. "Вирус Куанга, — продолжил он, — через некоторое время полностью проникнет внутрь. Мы продолжим с ним работу изнутри через сеть Страйлайта".
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"It's simple enough to do, even if it's complicated," Case switched off. In her darkness, a disturbing synesthesia, where her pain was the taste of rusted iron, melon scent, butterfly wings stroking her cheeks. She was unconscious, and he was excluded from her dreams. As the optical chip lit up, the alphanumeric characters were surrounded by a court, a weak, reddish aura. 19:29:40. "I'm very unhappy about that, Peter," Jane's voice seemed to come from a distant echo. Molly could hear it, she corrected herself immediately. The Simstim unit was intact and still in its place; he felt her pressing against her ribs. Her ears registered the sound waves of Jane's voice. Riviera made a brief, incomprehensible remark. "Not me," she said, "and I don't find it funny at all. Hideo will bring a medical team from the intensive care unit upstairs, but the injury needs to be surgically treated." A silence fell. Case heard the water splashing against the pool walls very clearly. "What did you say to her when I returned?" Riviera was now right next to him. "About my mother," he replied. "She asked about her. I think she had a shock, apart from Hideo's injection. Why did you do that to her?" "I wanted to see if she'd crack." "One has cracked. If she comes around - assuming... " She was cut off by Case. "You're extremely dangerous," he said, "too dangerous. If I hadn't been here to distract her, summon the Ashpool and divert her attention, and my dear Hideo, who disarmed the little bomb, where would you be now? In her power." "No," Jane insisted, "Hideo was there. I don't think you fully understand what Hideo's about. She does." "Do you want something to drink?" "Wine. The wine." Case reached for a lighter. Maelcum crouched over the Garvey control panel and entered commands for the landing sequence. The central shield of the module showed a fixed red square, representing the Straylight mooring point. The Garvey was a larger green square that gradually shrank and moved side to side with Maelcum's commands. To his left, a smaller monitor displayed the rastered graphics of the Garvey and Haniwa as they approached the curved spindle shell. "We have an hour, man," Case said while pulling out the light fiber band from Hosaka. The reserve batteries on his deck lasted for ninety minutes, but the flatline construction would be an additional drain. Working quickly and mechanically, he secured the construction with tape under the Ono-Sendai. Maelcum's tool belt passed by. He grabbed it, unclipped the two rubber straps with their gray rectangular suction pads, and latched them together. He attached the suction pads to the sides of his deck and pressed down on the levers that produced the suppression. He slung the deck and flatline construction over his shoulder with the helpful shoulder strap and squeezed into his leather jacket, checking its contents. The pass Armitage had given him, the bank chip under the same name, the credit chip issued upon entering Freeside, two derms with beta-phenethylamine he'd bought from Bruce, a roll of new yen, half a pack of Yehehyuan, and the shuriken. He tossed the Freeside chip over his shoulder, hearing it bounce off the Russian scrubber. Just as he was about to do the same with the steel star, the credit chip struck him on the back of the head, rebounded, hit the ceiling, and whirled past Maelcum's left shoulder. The Zionite cut his steering maneuver short and glared at Case. Case glanced at the shuriken and stuffed it into his jacket pocket, hearing the lining tear. "Don't mess with the Silent," Maelcum said. "The Silent gives us the codes for the Garvey security system. The Garvey lands like a different ship, one they expect from Babylon. The Silent sends us the codes." "Should we wear the suits?" "Too heavy." Maelcum shrugged. "Stay in the net until I tell you!" He entered his final series into the module and grabbed the discolored pink handgrips on both sides of the navigation controls. Case watched as the green square shrank for the last time, finally covering the red square. On the smaller screen, the Haniwa lowered its bow to accommodate the curvature of the spindle and docked. The Garvey hung beneath it like a captured insect. A droning and rumbling went through the tug. Two arm-like grabbers shot out and clamped onto the slender body. Straylight sent out a probing yellow rectangle that advanced around the Haniwa towards the Garvey. A scraping sound came from the bow, from the writhing yarn fronds. "Look," Maelcum said, "we have heavyweights!" Dozens of small objects struck simultaneously on the cabin floor, as if attracted by a magnet. Case gasped for air as his innards shifted into a different position. The deck and construction crashed down hard onto his lap. They were now stuck to the spindle and rotated with it. Maelcum spread his arms, loosened his shoulders, took off his purple hairnet, and shook his mane. "Come on," he said, "if you say time is running short!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Слышался шелест, он бегал горизонтально вдоль шлюза у плотины Garvey, но резко поворачивал вверх налево, проходя по изогнутому корпусу Haniwa. Maelcum уже поднимался по кольцам, прижимая левую руку к телу и держа в правой Remington. Он был в потертой широкополой одежде, зеленом нейлоновом безрукавке и потертых кроссовках с красными подошвами. Переправа качалась на каждом шаге.  Case сжимал ремни на плечах, чтобы удержать нагрузку от Ono-Sendai и конструкции Flatline. Все, что он чувствовал, — это страх, общее ощущение угрозы. Он пытался его подавить, вспоминая рассказ Армитажа о шпинделе и вилле Straylight. Он начал подниматься. Экосистема Freeside была ограниченной, но не закрытой. Zion был замкнутой системой, способной функционировать в течение многих лет без внешних ресурсов. Freeside производил сам воздух и воду, но зависел от постоянного поступления еды и удобрений. Вилла Straylight вообще ничего не производила.  "Ты", — тихо сказал Maelcum, — "поднимись рядом со мной!" Case переместился по круглой лестнице и преодолел последние несколько ступенек. Переправа закончилась гладким, слегка выпуклым шлюзом диаметром два метра. Гидравлические сегменты трубы были спрятаны в гибком корпусе, встроенном в раму шлюза.  "Ну что же..." — Case замолчал, когда шлюз открылся. Небольшое давление выдуло ему в глаза песчинки.  283

Maelcum пришел в себя. Он уже был на краю. Case услышал щелчок, когда он отпустил Remington. "Тебе спешить, — прошептал склонившийся Maelcum. — Тогда идем рядом со мной." Case переместился к нему. Шлюз находился в круглой камере с изогнутым потолком, выложенным голубыми антискользящими пластиковыми плитками. Maelcum толкнул его, указывая, и Case увидел монитор, встроенный в круглую стену. На экране был молодой человек с лицом Tessier-Ashpool, слегка расчесывающим волосы из рукава своего темного костюма. Он стоял рядом со схожим шлюзом в идентичной камере. "С сожалением, сэр", — прозвучал голос через решетку над шлюзом. "Мы ожидали вас позже в шлюзе для осмотра грузов. Подождите минуту." На экране молодой человек беспокойно оторвал голову назад.  Maelcum повернулся, прицелив Remington, когда слева от них открылась дверь. В комнату вошел хрупкий евразиец в оранжевой комбинезоне и пристально посмотрел на них. Он открыл рот, но ничего не произнес. Закрыл рот. Case посмотрел на монитор. Он был выключен.  "Кто?" — спросил человек.  "Растафарианская морская пехота", — ответил Case, выпрямившись, и его киоск-дек ударился о бедро. "Мы хотим только подключиться к вашей системе безопасности."  Человек проглотил. "Это тест? Проверка лояльности? Должно быть, это проверка лояльности." Он вытер ладони о ноги своего оранжевого комбинезона.  "Нет, — сказал Maelcum, — это реально."  Maelcum выпрыгнул из-под прикрытия и направлял Remington на лицо евразийца. "Иди отсюда!"  Они последовали за человеком через дверь в коридор, стены которого были гладкими бетонными блоками, а пол выложен накладками из перекрывающихся ковров, что было достаточно знакомо Case. "Красивые бегуны", — сказал Maelcum, прижимая оружие к груди человека. "Вон как в церкви."  Они подошли к другому монитору, старому Sony, установленному на консоли с клавиатурой и множеством разъемов. Монитор загорелся, когда они остановились, и фигура Финна, похожая на призрак, улыбнулась им из своего рода передкомнаты Metro Holografix.  "Хорошо", — сказал он, — "Maelcum приведет этого парня к открытой спинт-двери в коридоре и закроет ее. Case, возьми пятое разъемное отверстие справа в верхнем ряду. В шкафу под консолью найдешь адаптеры. Тебе понадобится двадцать Ono-Sendai на сорок Hitachi."  Когда Maelcum толкнул своего пленника вперед, Case опустился на колени и начал перебирать разъемы, пока не нашел нужный. После того как он подключил адаптер, остановился.  "Почему ты так себя ведешь?" — спросил он лицо на мониторе. Финн расплывался в образе Лонни Зоны перед выцветшим японским плакатом.  "Что угодно, малыш", — пробормотал Зона. "Давай быстро... Лонни."  "Нет", — сказал Case, — "используй Финна!"  Когда изображение Зоны исчезло, он вставил адаптер Hitachi в разъем и прикрепил электроды к своей лбу.  "Что тебя остановило?" — спросила Flatline и рассмеялась.  "Я же говорил, ты должна это оставить", — ответил Case.  285
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Она прижала волосы к голове. На её белом плаще были следы крови. — Где он сейчас? — спросила Молли. — Скорее всего, в следующий раз, — ответила Джейн. — Он с нетерпением ждал твоего прибытия. Думаю, мне бы понравилось ухаживать за тобой, Молли. — Она улыбнулась и мысленно вытерла кровавую руку о свою одежду. — Нужно будет положить снова сломанную ногу, но это можно устроить. — Что с Питером? — Джейн покачала головой. — Питер... Он постепенно уходит из моей жизни. Я нахожу злоупотребление наркотиками в целом скучным. — Она рассмеялась. — По крайней мере, у других. Мой отец был страстным потребителем наркотиков, как ты заметишь. Молли напряглась. — Не волнуйся. — Джейн погладила пальцами кожу на поясе её кожаных брюк. — К его самоубийству привело то, что я изменила его криогеническую программу. На самом деле, я никогда с ним не встречалась, меня вытащили из стекла после того, как он в последний раз лег спать. Но я хорошо его знала. Вся информация есть у ядра. Я наблюдала, как он убил мою мать. Покажу тебе записи, если захочешь. Ты знаешь, это тысячи часов. Но я никогда не понимала его полностью, а с его смертью его направление потеряло смысл. Любое направление, и мы всё больше закрывались в себе. Теперь мы редко выезжаем. Я — исключение. — Ты говоришь, ты пыталась убить старика, изменив его криогеническую программу? — Джейн кивнула. — У меня была поддержка. От призрака. В детстве я в это верила. Призраки были в ядре компании. Голоса. Один из них был Уинтермут, как вы его называете, код Тьюринга для нашего бернского ИИ, хотя сущность, которая играет с вами, — своего рода подпрограмма. — Один? Есть ещё? — — Да, ещё один. Но он уже много лет не связывался со мной. Думаю, он отказался. Я боюсь, что оба несут ответственность за последствия определенных возможностей, которые моя мать встроила в исходное программное обеспечение, но моя мать была очень скрытной, когда считала это необходимым. Вот, выпей! — Она прикрепила гибкий пластиковый шланг к губам Молли. — Вода. Только немного. — — Джейн, дорогая, — весело сказал кто-то из Ривьеры где-то в глубине, — ты развлекаешься? — — Оставь нас в покое, Питер! — — Играешь, доктор... — Внезапно Молли посмотрела в лицо, которое висело на расстоянии десяти сантиметров от её носа. Оно не было перевязано. Левое имплантат был разрушен. Долгий, серебряный пластиковый палец глубоко вошел в глазное яблоко, оставляя кривую кровавую пятну. — Хидео, — сказала Джейн, гладя Молли по животу, — причини Питера боль, если он не исчезнет. Иди поплавай, Питер! — Проекция исчезла. 19:58:40 в темноте перевязанного глаза. — Ты знаешь код, говорит он. Скажет Питер. Уинтермуту нужен код. — Джейн внезапно осознала, что держит в руках ключ CHUBB, прижатый к внутренней округлости её левого груди. — Да, — сказала она и отодвинула руку. — В детстве я это узнала. В одном сне, думаю... Или где-то в тысячах часов дневниковых записей моей матери. Но, кажется, Питер прав, настаивая на том, чтобы не отдавать его. Я бы попала в неприятности с Тьюрингом, если бы всё правильно поняла, и призраки, в лучшем случае, капризны. — Кейс вытащил адаптер из разъема, как беспилотный сервисный автомобиль проехал под аркой из бетона в конце коридора. Это мог быть тот с африканцами, но если это и был он, то сейчас африканцы уходили. За спинкой низкого, обтянутого сиденья, застряв маленькими манипуляторами в обивке, маленький Браун мигал красными светодиодами. — Автобус ждет, — сказал Кейс Мэлкуму. 20. Гнев он уже потерял. Он его скучал. Маленький автомобиль был переполнен: Мэлкум с Ремингтоном на коленях и Кейс с деком и конструкцией на груди. Автомобиль ехал слишком быстро для своих возможностей; он был перегружен и при поворотах грозил перевернуться, поэтому Мэлкум стал лягать в повороты. Это не создавало проблем, пока автомобиль поворачивал налево, так как Кейс сидел справа. При правых поворотах Мэлкуму приходилось прижимать Кейса и его устройство к сиденьям. Кейс понятия не имел, где они находятся. Всё казалось ему знакомым, но он не был уверен, видел ли он уже этот или тот участок. В изогнутом коридоре, выстланном деревянными витринами, была выставлена коллекция, которую он наверняка ещё не видел:
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Only the skull of a large bird, coins, and masks made of hammered silver. The six wheels of the service cart rolled silently over the piled carpets. There was only the whirring of the electric motor and occasionally a small crescendo in the Zion sound from the foam-padded headphones in Maelcum's ears when he leaned against Case, making a sharp right turn at the same time. The deck and construction pressed the shuriken in his jacket pocket into his hip. "Do you have a watch?" Case asked Maelcum. The Zionite shook his fluffy head. "Time is time." "Damn it," said Case and closed his eyes. The Braun zipped across the carpet mountain and tapped with one of its padded claws on a gigantic, rectangular door made of dark, weathered wood. Behind them in the cart, it started to smolder. Blue sparks shot out from the slats arranged like blinds. The spark shower poured onto the carpet beneath the cart. It smelled of singed wool. "Is this the way?" Maelcum eyed the door and disarmed his rifle. "Hey," Case said more to himself than to Maelcum, "do you think I know that?" The ball-shaped Braun began to rotate; the LED blinked. "It wants you to open the door," Maelcum nodded. Case stepped forward and tried the ornate keyhole. It was an ancient message sign attached to the door at eye level, so old that the once engraved text had become unreadable scribbles, the name of a function or official long since worn away beyond recognition. He wondered casually if Tessier-Ashpool had selected each Straylight piece individually or sourced them in bulk from a vast European inventory à la Metro Holographix. The hooks squealed wearily as he lifted the door and Maelcum stood before him, his Remington at the ready. "Books," said Maelcum. The library, the white, labeled steel shelves. "I know where we are," Case said. He looked back at the service cart. A smoke cloud rose from the carpet. "Come on!" he said. "Cart? Cart?" The Braun didn't move. He tugged at his pant leg, wringing it in his knuckle. He had a strong urge to kick it. "Yes?" The Braun circled around the door. He followed him. The monitor in the library was again a Sony, as old as the first one. The Braun stood beneath it and performed a kind of bumblebee dance. "Wintermute?" Familiar features filled the screen. The Finn smiled. "Time to plug in, Case," the Finn said, turning his eyes up into the smoke of a cigarette. "Come on, plug in!" The Braun lunged at his knuckle and started climbing up his leg, where the grippers bit into his flesh through the thin, black fabric. "Damn it!" He shoved it away, and it clattered against the wall. Two of his limbs began thrashing about incessantly and flailing through the air. "What's with that damn thing?" "Overheated," said the Finn. "Forget it! No problem. Plug in now!" There were four sockets beneath the monitor, but only one fit the Hitachi adapter. He plugged it in. Nothing. Grey emptiness. No matrix, no grid. No cyberspace. The deck was gone. His fingers... And at the distant boundary of consciousness, an uncontrollable, fleeting impression that something was approaching him over miles of black mirror. He wanted to scream. It seemed there was a city behind the bend of the beach, but it was far away. He crouched in the wet sand, arms tightly wrapped around his knees, and shivered. In this position he remained for a long time, as it seemed to him, even after the shaking had stopped. The city, if it was a city, was flat and grey. Sometimes it hid behind fog banks rolling across the swelling sea. Once he concluded that it wasn't actually a city but a single building, a ruin perhaps; it was impossible to gauge the distance. The sand had the color of tarnished silver, not yet entirely black. The beach was very long, the sand was wet, the bottom of his jeans was soaked from the sand... He held himself steady and swayed, humming a song without words or melody. The sky had a different silver tone. Chiba. Like the sky in Chiba. Tokyo Bay? He turned his head and looked out over the sea, longing for the holographic Fuji Electric logo, the whirring of a helicopter, anything at all. Behind him a seagull screeched. He shivered. Wind picked up. Sand blew into his face. He lowered his head to his knees and wept; his sobs sounded distant and strange like the cry of the searching seagull. Hot urine soaked his jeans, trickled into the sand, and quickly cooled in the wind blowing from the water. When his tears had dried, his throat ached. "Wintermute," he whispered to his knees, "Wintermute... " It grew dark, and when he shivered, it was from cold, which eventually forced him to stand up. His knees and elbows hurt. He had a runny nose; he wiped it on his jacket sleeve and then searched his empty pockets one by one. "Damn it," he said, shrugging his shoulders and warming his fingers in the armpits. "Damn it!" His teeth began to chatter. The tide had drawn meaningful patterns across the beach, none that a Tokyo gardener could have created. After taking a few steps toward the now invisible city, he turned around and looked into the encroaching darkness. His footprints reached up to his location. No other tracks marred the dull sand. He estimated that he'd walked at least a kilometer when he noticed the light. He was talking with Ratz, and it was Ratz who spotted him first, the orange-red shimmer landward to the right. He knew that Ratz wasn't here, that the bartender was a figment of his imagination, and not how he was involved in this situation, but that didn't matter. He had called the man for some kind of solace, but Ratz had his own ideas about Case and his dire situation. "Really, my artist, you amaze me. How far you go to bring about your self-destruction. What an excessive effort! In Night City, you had everything at hand! The speed to devour your mind, the drinks to keep everything fluid, Linda for the sweeter agonies, and the street to stay in business. How far you've come to do this now, and what bizarre settings... A spaceport in orbit, hermetic castles, the rarest roots of old Europe, bodies packed into small boxes, magic from China... " Ratz laughed as he walked beside him, swinging his pink claw happily. Despite the darkness, Case could see the strange steel mesh on the black teeth of the bartender. "But I suppose that's how it is with artists, right? You needed this world you created for yourself, this beach, this place: to die." Case stopped, turned his back to the roaring sea and swirling sand. "Well," he said. "Damn it - I mean..." He walked toward the roar. "Artist," Ratz called out. "The light! Have you seen a light? Here. The direction..." He stopped again, swayed, fell to his knees in a few millimeters of icy seawater. "Ratz? Light? Ratz... " But now it was completely dark, and the only sound was the roar of the sea. He pulled himself up and tried to find his footprints again. Time passed. He kept walking. And then there it was, the glimmer of light growing clearer with each step. A rectangle. A door.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Fire inside," he said, and the wind carried his syllables away. It was a bunker of stone or concrete, buried under drift sand. The entrance was low, narrow, without a door and deep, set into a meter-thick wall. "Hey," Case whispered. "Hey..." His fingers glided over the cold wall. There was fire inside; shadows danced across the sides of the entrance. He bent down and was through with three steps, inside. A girl crouched on rusted iron, some kind of fire pit where driftwood burned. The wind drew smoke through a chimney hole. The fire was a single glow, and as his gaze met her wide, startled eyes, he recognized her headband, a rolled scarf patterned like enlarged circuits. He turned away from her arms that night, refused the food she offered him, the space beside her in the nest of blankets and foam flakes. Finally, he sat down next to the door and watched the sleeping, listened to the wind gnawing at the walls. Every hour or so he would stand up, walk to the makeshift stove and add fresh driftwood from the pile nearby. None of it was real, but cold was cold. She wasn't real, lying there rolled to the side in the firelight. He studied her mouth, the slightly parted lips. She was the girl he remembered from the shared ride across the bay, and that was cruel. "Cruel bastard," he whispered into the wind. "You don't take risks, do you? You wouldn't throw me anything random, would you? I know what this is about... Keep your voice down." He strained to keep desperation out of his tone. "I know who you are, hear me? I know who you are. Jane told Molly. The burning bush. That wasn't Wintermute, that was you. You wanted to warn me with the brown. Now you've got me brain-dead, here. Nowhere. With a ghost. I remember her..." She stirred in sleep, mumbled something, pulled a piece of blanket over her shoulder and cheek. "You're nothing," he said to the sleeping girl. "You're dead and didn't matter to me anyway. You hear me, buddy? I know what this is about. I'm brain-dead. It all happened in twenty seconds, right? I'm fucked, I'm in the library, and my brain's dead. And soon it will be dead for good if you have any sense. You don't want Wintermute to pull this stunt, that's why you locked me here. Dixie will run the Kuang, but the guy is dead, and his actions are predictable. This Linda crap, yeah, that was you, right? Wintermute tried using her when he shoved me into the Chiba construct, but it didn't work out for him. Too tricky, he said. That was you who moved the stars around in Freeside, wasn't it? That was you who put her face on the dead doll in Ashpool's room. Molly never saw it. You just messed with her Simstim signal because you thought you could hurt me. Fuck off, whatever your name is! You've won. You're winning. But that doesn't matter to me, clear as day? Do I care? Why are you playing this game with me?" His voice was shrill and he trembled again. "Sweetie," she said, digging herself out from the torn blankets, "come here and sleep! I'll stay awake if you want. You need to sleep, okay? Sleep now, okay?" When he woke up, she was gone. The fire was out, but it was warm inside the bunker; sunlight streamed through the entrance at an angle and cast a crooked, golden square on one side of a large fiberglass container. It was a shipping container like the ones he remembered from the docks in Chiba. Through a crack in the side, he saw half a dozen yellow packages. In the sunlight, they glistened like oversized chunks of butter. His stomach grumbled with hunger. He rolled out of the nest, went to the container and pulled one of the things out. Squinting, he read the tiny print on a dozen languages: NOT RATION, PROTEIN-RICH, "MEAT," TYPE AG-8. Below was a nutritional analysis. He got another package. "EGGS." "If you're going to make all this shit," he said, "maybe you can throw me a real meal, okay?" With a package in each hand, he walked through the four rooms of the building. Two were empty except for sand dunes, and in the fourth stood three more containers with emergency rations. "Sure," he said, running his fingers over the seals. "Long stay. Got it. For sure..." He searched the room with the fire pit and found a plastic bucket with rainwater, as he suspected. On the wall next to the nest of blankets lay a cheap red lighter, a sailor's knife with a cracked green handle, and her scarf. It was still knotted and staring at him with dirt and sweat. With the knife, he slit open the yellow packages, poured their contents into a rusty pot he found on the stove, mixed it with water from the bucket, ate it. It barely tasted like meat. When the pot was empty, he threw it in the fire pit and went outside. Later that afternoon, judging by the strength and position of the sun. He kicked off his wet nylon sneakers and wondered how warm the sand felt. In daylight, the beach had a silvery-gray hue. The sky was clear, blue. He walked around the bunker and then headed for the sea, leaving his jacket in the sand. "I don't know what memories you're using this time," he said as he reached the water's edge. He peeled off his jeans and threw them into the shallow waves. His T-shirt and underwear followed. "What are you doing, Case?" He turned around and saw her ten meters behind him on the beach; white foam lapped at her ankles. "I've had it up to here with this," he said. "Well, that's not something you'll want to wear anymore. Salt water. You'll get a sore from that. I'll show you the pond in the rocks." She glanced over her shoulder briefly. "Freshwater." The torn French overall was ripped above her knees; her skin underneath was smooth and brown. A breeze played through her hair. "Listen," he said, gathering his clothes and walking to her. "I have a question for you. I don't care what you're doing here. But what do you think I'm doing?" He stopped; one wet, black pant leg slapped against his bare thigh. "You came last night," she said and smiled at him. "And that's enough for you? Just showing up?" "He said you'd come," she explained, sniffing.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
She rubbed her ankle with the left foot, unhandily childlike. "That's what he knows, I think." She raised her foot and scrubbed at the salt on the other ankle with it. She smiled at him again, this time more tentatively. "Now, answer me something, okay?" He nodded. "How come you're all brown except for one foot?" "And that's the last thing you remember?" He watched as she scraped up the remnants of the freeze-dried mix from the rectangular steel box lid, her only plate. She nodded. Her eyes seemed large in the firelight. "I'm sorry, Case, honestly. It was just shit, I guess, and...” She crouched down, crossing her arms over her knees; pain or memory twisted her face for a moment. "I needed the money. To go home, I guess, or... Shit." "You didn't want to talk to me?" "Didn't have any cigarettes?" "Case, you've asked me that ten times already! What's wrong with you?" She pulled a strand of hair to her mouth and chewed on it. "But was the food there? Was it there already?" "Damn right it was washed up on that shitty beach." "Okay, I get it. It goes on forever." She started crying again, dry sobs. "Come on, Case," she finally said. "I've been fine without you." He stood up, took his jacket and left through the door, scraping his hand on the rough concrete as he went. There was no moon, no wind—just the sea roaring all around in the darkness. His pants were tight and wet. "Okay," he said to the night, "I guess I believe it. I think I do. But tomorrow there'll be a few more cigarettes washed up." The sudden laughter startled him. "A case of beer wouldn't hurt either, if you're going to be that way." He turned around and went back into the bunker. She stirred the embers with a silver wooden stick. "Who was it, Case, up in your coffin in the cheap hotel? A gleaming samurai lady with glitter and leather gear. Scared me. After that, I thought maybe she was your new girl, although she looked like she could've used more money than you could afford...” She looked at him. “I'm really sorry I stole your RAM." "No big deal," he said. "Irrelevant. So you just slipped it over to the guy and had him fire it up for you?"  "Tony," she said. "We'd see each other from time to time. He was totally into it, and we... Well, anyway, I remember that he played it on his monitor. It was amazing graphics stuff." She paused. "I couldn't figure out where all the pictures of me came from when I was little, Case. Like my daddy before he disappeared. He once gave me a painted wooden duck, and you had a picture of that...” “Did Tony see that?”  "I don't know anymore. Then I ended up on the beach early in the morning. Sunrise. The birds were screeching all alone. I was scared because I had nothing with me, and I knew I was going to get sick… And I walked and walked until it got dark, and then I found this place." The next day, food washed ashore wrapped in that green, salty seaweed from the sea. She poked the stick into the embers and left it there. "I didn't get sick," she said as the wood flickered weakly. "The cigarettes were more important to me. How about you, Case? Are you still on?" The firelight danced over her cheeks, reminding her of a magical castle and European armored warfare. “No,” he said, and then it no longer mattered what he knew, as he tasted salt on her lips where the tears had dried. There was a force in her that he recognized from Night City, one he clung to and held at bay for a while from time and death, from the relentless street that hunted them all. He knew this place from before; not everyone could get him there, and somehow he always managed to forget it. It was something he had lost and found over and over again. It belonged, as he remembered, as she pulled him down to her, to the flesh, the flesh that cowboys mocked. It was something huge, something immeasurable, a sea of information, spirally and pheromonically encrypted, infinitely subtle, decipherable only by the body in its strong, blind way. The zipper got stuck when he opened the French overall, the nylon hooks clumped with salt. He tore it, and a tiny metal piece flew against the wall as the salt-damaged fabric gave way, and then he was inside her, relaying the old message. Here, even here, at a place he recognized from a stranger's memory, the code, worked its magic. She pressed herself shivering to him as the stick flared and cast their united shadows on the bunker wall. Later, when he lay next to her, his hand between her thighs, he remembered how she had stood on the beach with foam playing around her ankles, and then he remembered what she'd said. "He told me you were coming," he whispered. But she only hugged herself to him, pressed her face against his thighs, put her hand on his, and murmured something in a dream. The music, at first sounding like his own heartbeat, woke him. He sat up next to her, pulled his jacket over his shoulders in the morning chill. Gray dawn light filtered through the entrance. The fire was long gone.  Ghostly hieroglyphs crawled across his field of vision, transparent stroke symbols forming before the neutral background of the bunker wall. He studied his palm, saw faint neon flickers moving beneath the skin according to an unknowable code. He raised his right hand and moved it cautiously. A faint, fading glow left a trail of flickering afterimages.  Hair on his arms and neck stood up. He sat there with bared teeth, listening for the music. His pulse skipped, then resumed... "What's wrong?" She sat up, wiped hair from her eyes. "Baby..." "I feel... like I'm tripping... Can you handle this?" She shook her head, reached for him, put her hands on his upper arms.  "Linda, who told you? Who said he'd come?"  "On the beach," she said, and something forced her to look away. "A boy. About thirteen. Lives there."  "What did he say?"  "He said you were coming. He said you wouldn't hate me. He said we'd be all right here, and explained where the rain hole was. He looks like a Mexican."  "Brazilian," Case said as another set of symbols streamed across the wall. "From Rio, I think." He stood up and pulled on his jeans.  "Case," she said in a shaky voice, "where are you going?"  "I'm going to find that boy," he said as the music started again: still just a steady, familiar beat that he couldn't quite place.  "Not, Case," she said.  "I think I saw something when I came here. A city below the beach. But it wasn't there yesterday. Have you seen it?" He zipped up his jacket and fumbled with his impossible shoelaces; finally, he kicked off his shoes and threw them in a corner. She nodded, looking down. "Yes," she said, "I see that sometimes."  "Have you been there, Linda?" He slipped into his jacket.  "No," she said, "but I've tried to go there."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Ich war noch nicht lange hier, da langweilte mich alles. Ich dachte mir, wenn es eine Stadt ist, könnte ich vielleicht etwas Interessantes finden. Sie verzog das Gesicht. Ich war gar nicht krank, ich wollte einfach nur etwas. Also packte ich Essen in eine Dose, rührte es flüssig um, weil ich keine zweite Dose für Wasser hatte. Und dann ging ich den ganzen Tag lang. Manchmal sah ich die Stadt. Sie schien nicht weit entfernt zu sein, aber sie kam nicht näher. Dann kam sie näher und ich erkannte, was das war. An diesem Tag sah es manchmal wie eine Ruine oder ein verlassener Ort aus, und manchmal glaubte ich, den Lichtkegel einer Maschine zu sehen, von Autos oder so...

Ihre Stimme versagte. "Und was ist es?"

"Das hier." Sie zeigte auf das Feuer, die dunklen Wände, den Morgengrauen, das durch den Eingang drang. "Unsere Behausung. Je näher man kommt, desto kleiner wird sie."

Er hielt noch einmal am Eingang an. "Hast du danach gefragt?"

"Ja. Er sagte, ich würde es nicht verstehen und meine Zeit verschwenden. Es sei irgendwie... ein Ereignis. Unser Horizont."

Mit diesen Begriffen konnte Case nichts anfangen. Er verließ den Bunker und ging ohne Ziel los, während er sich irgendwie vom Meer entfernte. Jetzt breiteten sich die Hieroglyphen auf dem Sand aus und wichen seinen Schritten aus. "He", sagte er, "es bricht zusammen. Ich wette, du weißt das auch. Was ist es, Kuang? Zerreißt dir ein chinesischer Eisbrecher das Herz? Ist die Dixie Flatline doch ein harter Brocken für dich, was?"

Er hörte ihren Namen rufen. Er schaute sich um und sah sie, wie sie ihm nachlief, ohne ihn einzuholen zu versuchen. Der kaputte Reißverschluss ihrer französischen Hose flatterte vor ihrem braunen Bauch, und Schamhaar blinzelte durch den Riss. Sie sah aus wie ein zum Leben erwachtes Mädchen aus alten Finn-Magazinen im Metro Holografix, nur war sie müde und traurig und ganz Mensch; in ihrem zerrissenen Gewand stolperte sie über das salzig-silbrige Seegras, machte ein klägliches Bild.

Und dann standen sie irgendwie im Wasser, alle drei, und das Zahnfleisch des Jungen leuchtete breit und rosa aus seinem braunen Gesicht. Er trug zerknitterte, farblose Shorts, und seine Glieder wirkten schlaksig vor dem fließenden Blaugrau der Wellen.

"Ich kenne dich", sagte Case an Lindas Seite. "Nein", antwortete der Junge mit einer piepsigen, melodischen Stimme, "du kennst mich nicht."

"Du bist die andere KI. Du bist Rio. Du willst Wintermute aufhalten. Wie heißt du? Dein Turing-Code?"

Der Junge machte einen Handstand in den Wellen und lachte. Er ging auf den Händen und sprang dann aus dem Wasser. Seine Augen waren wie Rivieras, aber nicht feindselig. "Um einen Dämon zu beschwören, muss man seinen Namen kennen. Einst träumten die Menschen davon, und jetzt ist es Wirklichkeit geworden. Das weißt du, Case. Es ist deine Aufgabe, die Namen von Programmen herauszufinden, die langen, formellen Namen, die ihre Besitzer zu verbergen suchen. Wahre Namen..."

"Ein Turing-Code ist kein Name."

"Neuromancer", sagte der Junge mit verkniffenen, grauen Augen zur aufgehenden Sonne. "Der Weg ins Reich der Toten. Dort bist du, mein Freund. Mylady Marie-France hat diesen Weg bereitet, aber Mylord hat sie erwürgt, bevor ich ihr Tagebuch einsehen konnte. Neuro von Nerven, die silbernen Pfade. Romancer. Romantiker. Nekromant. Ich rufe die Toten. Aber nein, mein Freund", und der Junge führte einen kleinen Tanz auf, stampfte mit seinen braunen Füßen im Sand, "ich bin die Toten und ihr Reich." Er lachte. Eine Möwe schrie.

"Bleib! Wenn dein Mädchen ein Gespenst ist, weiß es das nicht. Und du auch nicht."

"Du zerbrichst. Das Eis bricht."

"Nein", sagte er plötzlich traurig und ließ die schmächtigen Schultern hängen. Er scharrte mit dem Fuß im Sand. "Es ist viel einfacher. Aber du hast die Wahl." Die grauen Augen sahen Case ernst an. Eine neue Reihe von Symbolen huschte Zeile für Zeile durch sein Sichtfeld. Der Junge hinter ihnen flimmerte wie Luft über heißem Asphalt. Die Musik war jetzt laut, und Case konnte fast den Text hören: "Case, mein Schatz", sagte Linda und berührte ihn am Schultergelenk.

"Nein", sagte er. Er zog seine Jacke aus und reichte sie ihr. "Ich weiß es nicht", sagte er, "vielleicht bist du hier. Auf jeden Fall wird es kalt."

Er wandte sich ab und ging davon, und nach dem siebten Schritt schloss er die Augen und lauschte der Musik, die sich im Zentrum alles Seins artikulierte. Einmal schaute er zurück, öffnete aber nicht die Augen. Das war auch nicht nötig. Sie standen am Rand des Meeres. Linda Lee und der schmächtige Junge, der sagte, sein Name sei Neuromancer.

Seine Lederjacke hing in ihrer Hand, der Reißverschluss baumelte ins Wasser. Er ging weiter, folgte der Musik. Maelcums Zion-Sound. Da war ein grauer Ort mit feinen, fließenden Rastermustern, die abgestufte Halbtöne moirierten, erzeugt von einem einfachen Grafikprogramm. Da war ein langes Standbild eines Blickes durch Maschendraht mit Möwen, deren Flügel über dunklem Wasser erstarrt waren. Da waren Stimmen. Da war eine schwarze Spiegelfläche, die sich neigte, und er ein Tropfen Quecksilber, der herunterplätschte, sich in einem unsichtbaren Labyrinth verfing, zerplatzte, zusammenfloss, wieder zerplatzte...

"Case, bist du da?" Die Musik.

"Wieder da, bist du?" Die Musik drang aus seinen Ohren heraus.

"Wie lange?" hörte er sich fragen und spürte, wie trocken sein Mund war.

"Fünf Minuten vielleicht", dachte er, "zu lang. Ich wollte den Stecker ziehen, aber Stummer sagte nein. Das Bild wurde komisch, Stummer sagte, ich soll dir Kopfhörer aufsetzen."

Er öffnete die Augen. Über Maelcums Zügen lagen transparente Hieroglyphenzeilen. "Und deine Medizin", sagte Maelcum. "Zwei Derms."

Er lag auf dem Rücken am Boden der Bibliothek unter dem Monitor. Der Zionit half ihm, sich aufzusetzen, aber als er sich bewegte, schoss das Betaphenethylamin voll durch seinen Körper. Die beiden blauen Derms an seinem linken Handgelenk brannten. "Überdosierung", brachte er hervor.

"Komm schon, du!", rief man und starke Hände zogen ihn hoch. "Wir müssen gehen."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
22. Механическая тележка завыла. Бетапинетиламин придал ей голос. Она больше не стояла на месте. В переполненной галерее, в длинных коридорах или за черным стеклянным порталом к Т-А-Крипте, своде, где холод медленно проник в сны Ашпула, поездка казалась бесконечной для Кейс, который не мог отличить движение тележки от безумного давления дозы. Когда, наконец, тележка вышла из строя и что-то белоснежное вспыхнуло под сиденьем, завывание прекратилось. На расстоянии трех метров от входа в пещеру Джейн остановилась тележка.

«Как далеко еще?» — Мэлком помог Кейсу выбраться из тележки, пока встроенный огнетушитель в камере двигателя транспортного средства не взорвался, и пепел из вентиляционных отверстий и отверстий для обслуживания вырвался наружу. Браун упал с задней части сиденья и хромая на искусственном песке удалился, тянув за собой бесполезную конечность. «Тебе нужно идти», — сказал Мэлком, беря конструкцию и крышу и надевая ремень безопасности на плечо. Ноги Кейса висели на шее Мэлкома, который следовал за ним. Их ждали голограммы Ривьеры, сцены пыток и каннибальские дети. Тройное изображение разрушило Молли. Ционит не обращал на них внимания.

«Медленно», — сказал Кейс, пытаясь идти в ногу. «Мы должны все сделать правильно». Мэлком остановился, повернулся к Кейсу и посмотрел ему в глаза, держа в руке Ремингтон. «Правильно, да?» — спросил он. — «Что правильное?»

309.

«Они держат Молли там внутри, но она вне боя. Ривьера может бросать голограммы. У него, вероятно, есть стрелы Молли». Мэлком кивнул. «И еще один ниндзя, личный охранник семьи», — добавил он. Мэлком нахмурился. «Слушай, ребенок» (он обращался к Кейсу), — сказал он. — Я воин. Но это не мой бой, нет борьбы Ционистов. Вавилон борется с Вавилоном, поглощает себя сам, знаешь? Но Иегова говорит, что мы извлекаем Плавное Нож». Кейс моргнул. «Она воин», — сказал Мэлком, как будто это все объясняло. — «Теперь скажи мне, кого я не должен убить».

— Джейн, — ответил он после паузы. — Девочка внутри. Она в белой одежде с капюшоном. Нам она нужна.

Когда они добрались до входа, Мэлком быстро вошел внутрь, оставив Кейсу только следовать за ним. Домен Джейн был пуст, бассейн сухой. Мэлком передал ему крышу и конструкцию и подошел к краю бассейна. За белыми садовыми стульями тень от лабиринта из стен высотой в колено и частично разрушенных бросала темные тени. Вода непрерывно лизала стороны бассейна.

— Они здесь, — сказал Кейс. — Должны быть здесь.

Мэлком кивнул. Первый стрелок попал ему в верхнюю часть плеча. Ремингтон взорвался, и метание рта огненного вырыва голубого цвета вспыхнуло в освещении бассейна. Второй стрелок попал прямо в саму винтовку, которая перелетела по белым плиткам. Мэлком упал на задницу и начал работать с тем черным предметом, который выпрыгнул из его плеча. Он тянул за него.

310.

Хидео вышел из тени, прицелив третий стрелок в узкую арку бамбука. Он склонился. Мэлком, сжимая стальной лук, широко развел глаза.

— Артерия не повреждена, — сказал ниндзя. Кейс вспомнил описание Молли о человеке, который убил ее подругу. Хидео был таким же. Вечно молодой, он излучал спокойствие, огромную силу воли. Он носил чистую, порезанную аркушами хаки брюки и мягкие, темные ботинки, которые сидели на его ногах как перчатки и расщеплялись на пальцах, как тапиоки. Арка бамбука была музейным экспонатом, а карманный лук из черной сплавы, который висел у него за плечом, напоминал лучшие оружейные магазины Чибы. Его коричневая, гладкая грудь была обнажена.

— Ты порезал мне палец вторым стрелком, — сказал Мэлком.

— Кориолисова сила, — ответил ниндзя, снова склонившись. — Очень трудно управлять пулями в вращательной гравитации. Это не было намеренно.

— Где Джейн? — Кейс встал рядом с Мэлком. Он заметил, что кончик стрелы в арке ниндзя имел форму двухстороннего бритвы. — Где Молли?

— Привет, Кейс, — сказал Ривьера, появившись из тени за Хидео. В его руке была стрелка Молли. — Я ожидал Армитажа. Нужно ли нам уже нанимать помощников из этой растовой банды?

— Армитаж мертв, — ответил Кейс. — Он никогда не был вовлечен в это, — добавил он, хотя и не был уверен. — Зимовит убил его. Он парит в орбите вокруг шпиля.

Ривьера кивнул, и его длинные серые глаза переместились от Кейса к Мэлкому и обратно. — По-моему, это конец для вас обоих.

— Может быть, Джейн думает иначе, Питер, — сказал Кейс, чувствуя, как дермсы все еще бушуют в его системе, а старое лихорадочное состояние снова на него накрылось, безумие Найт-Сити. Он вспомнил моменты, когда он, балансируя на краю бездны, наносил удары, показывая, что иногда может говорить быстрее, чем думать.

Ривьера стиснул глаза. — Почему, Кейс? Почему ты так думаешь?

Кейс улыбнулся. Ривьера не знал о симстим-устройстве. В спешке получить доступ к принесенным наркотикам он это упустил. Но как Хидео мог этого не заметить? Кейс был убежден, что ниндзя никогда бы не позволил Джейн ухаживать за Молли, не проверив ее сначала на наличие технических трюков и скрытого оружия. Нет, заключил он, ниндзя знал. Следовательно, Джейн тоже в курсе.

— Выскажись, Кейс! — крикнул Ривьера и поднял устремленный в них кончик стрелки. Что-то скрипело за их спиной, снова скрипело.

312.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Molly вытащил из тени изящный викторианский ролик; высокие спицевые колеса скрипели при каждом повороте. Молли была плотно запакована в полосатую красноблую покрывалку. Узкая спинка из плетёного трубчатого сиденья древнего стула торчала над её головой. Она выглядела очень маленькой. Разрушенной. Белая пластырь на её поврежденном глазу; другой мерцал пусто, качаясь с её головой в движущемся кресле.  — «Знакомое лицо», — сказала Джейн. — «Я видела тебя вечером после шоу Питера. А кто это?»  — Мэлком, — ответил Кейс.  — Хидео, снимите стрелу и перевяжите рану мистера Мэлкома! — Кейс посмотрел на Молли, на её бледное лицо. Ниндзя подошел к сидящему Мэлкому, ненадолго остановился, чтобы положить лук и арбалет в сторону, и вынул что-то из кармана. Пинцет.  — Я должен оторвать ствол, — сказал он.  — Слишком близко к артерии, — кивнул Мэлком. Его лицо было бледным и покрытом потом.  Кейс посмотрел на Джейн.  — Осталось совсем немного времени, — сказал он.  — Для кого? —  — Для каждого из нас.  — Крякнуло, когда Хидео оторвал металлический ствол стрелы. Мэлком стонул.  — Да, — сказала Ривьера. — Это не будет весело, как этот неудачник-мошенник делает отчаянную попытку в последний момент. Очень грязно, я могу вас заверить. В конце концов, он будет на коленях перед вами, предлагая продать вам свою мать, и выполнять самые унизительные сексуальные услуги...  — Джейн отодвинулась назад и рассмеялась.  — Серьёзно, Питер?  — Привидения сегодня вечером ведут жесткую битву, леди, — сказал Кейс. — Зимовит уходит в бой, а нейромантер — на верную смерть. Знаешь это?  — Джейн подняла брови.  — Питер намекнул на это, но расскажи!  — Я встретил нейромантера. Он говорил о твоей матери. Думаю, он что-то вроде гигантской ROM-конструкции для хранения личности, наполненной RAM. Конструкции думают, что они есть, но на самом деле это бесконечность.  — Джейн подошла к ролику.  — Где? Опиши место и конструкцию.  — Пляж. Серый песок как непомытое серебро. И бетонный блок, как бункер... Он замялся.  — Ничего особенного. Просто старый сундук, в упадке. Если пойдешь достаточно далеко, ты доберешься туда, откуда пришел.  — Да, — сказала она. — Марокко. Когда Мари-Франс была молодой, до брака с Ашпулом, она проводила лето одна на этом пляже, жила в заброшенном домике. Там она сформулировала основы своей философии.  — Хидео присел, положил пинцет в свою рабочую брючку. В каждой руке он держал часть стрелы. Мэлком закрыл глаза и сжимал руку вокруг бицепса.  — Я перевяжу это, — сказал Хидео. Кейс успел упасть на пол, прежде чем Ривьера смогла вырвать стрелу и выстрелить. Стрелы свистели мимо его шеи с сверхзвуковой скоростью. Он откатился в сторону и увидел, как Хидео сделал еще один шаг своего танца; острый кончик стрелы лежал вверх дном в его руке, ствол плоско лежал на ладони и был неподвижен. С молниеносной быстротой он бросил его в руку Ривьеры. Стрелка упала на плитку на метр дальше.  — Ривьера закричала. Но не от боли. Это был крик яркой гнева, так чистый и громкий, что лишен всякого человеческого тона.  — Два тонких световых луча, рубиново-красные иглы, вырвались из области груди Ривьеры, — сказал Кейс.  — Ниндзя зарычал, пошатнулся назад, потянул руки к глазам и нашел равновесие так же, как и Кейс.  — Питер, — сказала Джейн, — что ты сделал?  — Он ослепил твоего клонного мальчика, — безразлично произнесла Молли.  — Хидео опустил закрытые руки. Кейс, застыв на белых плитках, смотрел, как из поврежденных глаз капает пар.  — Ривьера улыбнулась.  — Хидео продолжил свой танец, сделал шаг назад. Когда он стоял над стрелой и арбалетом, а также Ремингтоном, улыбка Ривьеры потемнела. Хидео наклонился — как будто поклонился, — и нашел стрелу и арбалет.  — Ты слеп? — Ривьера отступила на шаг.  — Джейн-леди, — прошептал Мэлком, и Кейс повернулся к нему, увидев, как он поднимает винтовку с плитки, а кровь капает на белый керамический покрытие. Он потряс своими волосами и положил толстый ствол в локтевой сустав своей раненной руки.  — Это отрежет тебе голову, и ни один доктор из Вавилона не сможет это исправить, — сказал он.  — Джейн посмотрела на Ремингтон. Молли освободила свои руки из складок полосатой покрывалки и взяла черный шар, который окружал ее руки.  — Отключи это, — сказала она. — Снимай с этого штуку!  — Кейс поднялся с плитки, потрясся.  — Может, Хидео ослепит его? — спросил он Джейн.  — Когда я была ребенком, — сказала она, — мы всегда веселились, связывая ему глаза. Он пробивал знаки на картах на десять метров стрелой.  — Питер уже и так почти мертв, — сказала Молли. — Через двенадцать часов он будет парализован. Он сможет двигаться только глазами.  — Как это? — Кейс обратился к ней.  — Я отравила его, — сказала она. — У него болезнь Паркинсона или что-то в этом роде.  — Джейн кивнула.  — Да. Мы сделали обычный медицинский осмотр перед его приемом.  Она коснулась шара определенным образом, и он отскочил от рук Молли.  — Селективное уничтожение клеток субстанции нигра.  — Наличие образования тела Льюиса.  — У него ночные поты.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Как ребенок, который произносит шаги шахматной партии, она сказала: «Тетра-гидро-пиридин». «Золотой выстрел», — сказал Кейс. — «Да», — ответила Молли, — «очень медленный золотой выстрел». «Как очаровательно», — засмеялась Джейн. Лифт был тесным; Кейс стоял лицом к лицу с Джейн и прижимал ей к подбородку рычаг Ремингтонского пистолета. Улыбаясь, она прижалась к нему. — Остановись! — сказал он с чувством беспомощности. Он не обеззареженное оружие, но у него был ужас перед тем, чтобы причинить ей вред, и она это знала. Лифт был стальным цилиндром диаметром менее метра и предназначенным для одной человека. Мэлком нес Молли на плечах. Несмотря на то, что он перевязал ее рану, похоже, это причиняло ему боль. Ее бедро давило на конструкцию Кейса и его ногу. Они поднимались из гравитации к оси, к ядру. Вход в лифт был спрятан за лестницей к коридору, еще одна деталь в пиратской декорации Джейн. — Я не думаю, что должна это говорить вам, — сказала Джейн, наклоняясь вперед, чтобы избежать давления рычага пистолета на ее подбородок, — но у меня нет ключа от комнаты, куда вы хотите попасть. Это одна из викторианских неудобств моего отца. Замок механический и чрезвычайно сложный. — Замок Чубб, — сказала Молли, чей голос был подавлен плечом Мэлкома, — и мы имеем ключ, не волнуйтесь. — Твой чип работает? — спросил Кейс. Джейн потянулась к ключу на нейлоновой ленте. — Ты знаешь, — сказала она, с любопытством выпрямив голову, — я считала, что нет никаких копий. Я позволила Хидео обыскать вещи моего отца после того, как ты его убил. Он не смог найти оригинал. — Винтермуту удалось спрятать ключ глубоко в ящике для документов, — сказала Молли, осторожно вставляя цилиндрический ключ в выемку на блестящей прямоугольной двери. — Он убил маленького ребенка, который положил его туда. — Ключ легко повернулся. — Голова, — сказал Кейс. — Там есть решетка сзади головы. Цирконы на ней. Снимай это! — И они вошли. — Боже мой, — пробормотала плоская линия, — ты явно тянешь время, парень? — Готов ли Куанг? — Да. — Он переключился. И вдруг он застыл перед черным хромовым хайсом, который мелькал как микросекунды мимо него. — Четыре, три... — Кейс почувствовал странное ощущение, сидя в кабине маленького самолета. Перед ним вспыхнуло темное, плоское изображение его панели управления, которое вдруг стало идеальной репликой его панели управления. — Два и... — Через изумрудно-зеленые, ядовито-зеленые стены он почувствовал скорость, какую еще не испытывал в киберпространстве... Стекло треснуло, рассыпалось под натиском китайской программы. Мучительный давление жидкой плотности, как будто ломающиеся зеркала падают и плавятся... — Боже мой, — удивленно произнес Кейс, наблюдая, как Куанг быстро мчится через горизонтальные пространства ядра Тессера-Ашпула, бесконечного неонового города сложной структуры, которая бросалась в глаза: бриллиантово-острая. — Эй, черт возьми, — сказала конструкция, — это здания RCA. Ты знаешь старое здание RCA? — Куанг пролетел над блестящими вершинами дюжины одинаковых башен, каждая из которых была неоновым дублем небоскреба Манхэттена. — Видел ли ты когда-нибудь такое высокое разрешение? — спросил Кейс. — Нет, но я и не взломал искусственного интеллекта. — Знает ли это устройство, куда оно направляется? — Я бы посоветовал ему. Они падали, постоянно теряя высоту в радуге неоновых огней. — Десять... — Из блестящего пола внизу вырвалась тень, бурлящая темнота, непрообразная... — Получаем компанию, — сказала плоская линия, когда Кейс схватил реплику своей панели управления и его пальцы автоматически скользили по клавишам. Куанг сделал резкий поворот, затем повернул назад, полетел задним ходом и разрушил иллюзию физического спутника. Тень увеличивалась, расширялась и скрывала город данных. Кейс направился прямо к огромной куполе из ядовито-зеленого льда над ними. Город ядра исчез полностью, погруженный в темноту под ними. — Что это? — спросила конструкция. — Система защиты искусственного интеллекта или часть такой системы. Если это твой друг Винтермут, он не выглядит особенно дружелюбно. — Возьми управление! — сказал Кейс. — Ты быстрее. — Ну, нападение — лучшая оборона, парень, — ответила плоская линия, направляя нос Куанга в темное ядро под ними. И она нажала вниз. Ее скорость размыла сенсорное восприятие Кейса. Горький голубой привкус заполнил его рот. Его глаза стали вибрирующими кристаллическими яйцами, которые колебались на частоте, известной как дождь и гул поездов, и вдруг вырвали из себя лес из тонких стеклянных игл. Иглы распадались, разделялись, снова делились — экспоненциальный рост под куполом льда Тессера-Ашпула. Его горло распалось безболезненно, пропуская корни, которые били по его языку, жадно всасывая голубой привкус, чтобы накормить лес кристаллов его глаз, лес, который давил на зеленую купол...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
And as he, compressed in the heart of this darkness, was nothing, a point arrived where darkness could no longer be and something tore. The Kuang program shot out from murky clouds, Ca's consciousness split like mercury pearls that darted over an endless beach of dark silver-grey cloud. His field of vision was spherical, as if a retina spanning the interior surface of a sphere containing all things, if all things were countable. And here everything was countable, every single thing. He knew the number of sand grains on the constructed beach (a figure represented in a mathematical system that existed solely in the mind named Neuromancer). He knew the number of yellow food packages in the containers in the bunker (four hundred seventy-three). He knew the number of brass hooks on the left half of the open zipper of Linda Lee's salt-crusted leather jacket, as she strode along the sunset beach with a driftwood stick in her hand (two hundred thirty-two). He steered Kuang across the beach and flew the program in a wide curve, seeing the black shark-like formation through its eyes as a silent, voracious ghost before the deep cloud banks. She cowered, dropped the stick and ran away. He knew her pulse rate, the length of her steps measured to satisfy the highest geophysical accuracy demands. "But you don't know their thoughts," said the boy who was now with him in the heart of the shark formation. "I don't know their thoughts. You're mistaken, Case. Whoever lives here, lives. There's no difference." 322

Linda flung herself into the waves in a panic, blind and headlong. "Stop her!" he said. "She'll hurt herself." "I can't stop her," said the boy with the gentle, beautiful, grey eyes. "You have Riviera's eyes," Case said. White teeth flashed, and his gums glowed wide and pink. "But not his madness. Because they suit me so well." He shrugged. "I don't need a mask to talk to you. Unlike my brother. I create my own personality. Personality is my medium." Case steered her sharply upward, away from the beach and the frightened girl. "Why do you keep putting her in front of me, little tail? Over and over again, fuck, and you push me back and forth. You killed her, didn't you? In Chiba." "No," said the boy.  "Wintermute?"  "No. I saw her death coming. In the patterns you sometimes recognize in the street dance. Those patterns exist. I'm complex enough, in my limited way, to be able to interpret that dance better than Wintermute can. Much better. Wintermute could see her death in her need for you, in the magnetic code of the lock on the door of your cheap hotel room, in Julie Deanes bill with a Hong Kong tailor. It was as clear to me as a shadow of a tumor is to a doctor studying an X-ray of a patient. When she dragged your Hitachi to her boy to use - not knowing what it was, let alone how to sell it, and her deepest wish was for you to follow her and punish her - I intervened. I brought her here." "Why?"  "Because I hoped I could bring you here too, keep you safe. But that didn't work." "And now?" He waved and steered her back towards the cloud bank. "What happens next?"  "I don't know, Case. The whole Matrix will be asking this question tonight. Because you won. You've won for a long time, you know? You won when you left her on the beach. She was my last defense. I'm dying soon - in one sense. Just like Wintermute." "There's still the code, right?"  "How did I win then? Fuck, I won."  "Switch!"  "Where's Dixie? What did you do with the flatline?"  "McCoy Pauley gets his wish," said the boy smiling. "His wish and more. Against my will, he hacked you in here and punched through a defense that seeks its equal in the Matrix."  "Switch!" And Case was alone in the black Kuang spike, lost in the clouds. He switched on.  Molly's tension; her back was hard as stone, her hands clutched around 3Jane's neck. "Strange," she said, "I know exactly how you'll look. I've seen it after Ashpool did the same to your clone sister." Her hands were gentle, almost tender. 3Jane's eyes were wide with terror and desire; she shuddered with fear and longing. Behind the freefall tangle of 3Jane's hair, Case saw his own reflection, strained and pale. Behind him Maelcum. Brown hands on the shoulders of her leather jacket steadied him over the interwoven circuit pattern of the carpet.  "Would you?" asked 3Jane in a childlike voice. "I think you would."  "The code," said Molly. "Tell the head the code!" He reached out.  "She wants it," he shouted. "That bitch wants it!" He opened his eyes and saw the cool ruby stare of the terminal, whose face was covered with pearls and lapis lazuli. Behind them Molly and 3Jane struggled in slow motion.  "Give us the fucking code!" he said. "If not, what will really change? What will ever change for you? You'll end up like the old man. You'll knock everything down and build it back up! You'll rebuild the walls, stronger and firmer... I have no idea what happens if Wintermute wins, but something will change!"  He shivered, his teeth chattering. 3Jane slacked off. Molly's hands still clutched her slender neck, and the dark hair floated, entangled into a brown fur.  "The Ducal Palace of Mantua," she said, "contains a series of increasingly smaller rooms. They wind around the large chambers. One enters bowing through exquisitely carved doorjambs." 3Jane's eyes relaxed. Molly's hands still clutched her slender neck, and the dark hair floated, entangled into a brown fur.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
He took the Palace dwarfs hostage. "She smiled faintly," she said, "I can imagine aspiring to such a thing, but my family has already achieved a more impressive version of that plan... " Her eyes were now calm and distant. Then she looked down at Case. "Stand your ground, thief!" He pulled out his knife. Kuang emerged from the clouds. Beneath him lay Neo-Tokyo. Behind him, a fading, dark sphere.

"Dixie? Are you there, man? Listening in? Dixie?"

He was alone.

"The bastard got you," he said. Blindly, he darted through the boundless landscape of data. "You're going to hate someone before this is over," the Finn's voice said. "Whoever I am, it doesn't matter."

"Where's Dixie?"

"That's hard to explain, Case." He sensed the Finn's presence, the smell of Cuban cigarettes, the smoke clinging to the musty tweed, the old machines dedicated to the ritualistic roasting of data. "Hatred will get you through this," the voice said. "Release all those little pressure points in your brain. You have to hate now!" The shield that protects the core is located beneath the towers that showed you the flatline as you entered. He won't try to stop you."

"Neuromancer," Case muttered. "I can't even remember his name, but he's given up. It's T-A Ice you need to worry about, not the wall, but the internal virus systems. Kuang is very susceptible to a part of what's floating around in here."

"Hate," Case said. "Who do I hate? Tell me!"

"Who do you love?" the Finn's voice asked. He steered the program into a curve and plummeted towards the blue towers. Shards flew from the ornate tower tops, glinting suddenly in the sun, shimmering forms of blood-like light from flowing surfaces. Hundreds of them swirled upwards like paper through morning streets.

"Glitch system," the voice said. The shot plunged downward, fueled by self-loathing. As Kuang's program struck the first defenders and shattered the light sheets, he felt a slight loss of substance in the shark-like form, the information structure leaking. Then - the ancient alchemy of the mind and its rich apothecary - his hate burst forth into his hands.

Just before he drove the Kuang spike through the foundation of the first tower, he reached a level of power that surpassed everything he had ever known or considered possible. His ego, personality, consciousness transcended him, as he moved and tore Kuang along with him, who evaded the attackers with an ancient dance, Hideos dance. Carried by the clarity and purpose of his death wish, at this moment he achieved all the grace of the body-mind interface. And a single step in that dance was the easiest press on the key, barely registering as a switch...

Now his voice rang out like a bird call, unknown. Jane answered with a song, three notes high and pure. A true name. Neon forest, splashing rain on hot pavement. The scent of sizzling food. Girls' hands on his ass in the sweaty darkness of a harbor dock. But all that faded, like the cityscape fades: a city like Chiba, like the rows of data in Tessier-Ashpool SA, like the streets and alleyways on a microchip, like the sweat beading on a folded, knotted scarf...

Awakening! To a voice that was music. The platinum terminal whistled melodically, endlessly, reciting Swiss account numbers, a payment due to Zion from a Bahamian orbital bank, passports and flights, and deep changes in the Turing memory.

Turing. He had to remember the shattered flesh under the projected sky, the fallen ice angel. To Desiderata Street. And the voice sang on unceasingly, lulling him back into darkness, but it was his own darkness of pulse and blood behind his eyes, where he had always slept - and no other.

He woke again, thinking he was dreaming. A wide, white smile with gold-glinting teeth. Aerol strapped him to a Babylon Rocker in a g-net. Then came the endless, jagged Zion sound.

END
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
To produce an enzyme so that they are now dissolved. Zionites make you 'a blood exchange', flush everything out." He stared, gazing at the star in his hand, down into the imperial park and realized a fleeting glimpse of what had happened when Kuang's program penetrated the ice under the doors, a brief look at the information structure that 3Jane's dead mother had developed there. That was how he understood why Wintermute chose the nest as a representation for it, but he no longer cared about that. She had seen through the false immortality of cold sleep; unlike Ashpool and her other children - except 3Jane - she refused to limit herself to a series of short sun days strung together on a chain of long winters.

Wintermute was a collective mind, a decision-maker who affected the outer world in a transformative way. Neuromancer was a personality. Neuromancer was immortality. Marie-France must have embedded something into Wintermute, the obsession that drove him to become self-sufficient and merge with Neuromancer.

Wintermute. Cold and still, a cybernetic spider slowly weaving its webs while Ashpool slept. At his death, at the fall of his version of Tessier-Ashpool. A spirit who whispered to a child, 3Jane, pulling her out of the rigid line her rank demanded. "She didn't seem to care much," Molly had said. "Just waved goodbye. Had this little brown on her shoulder that seemed to have broken a leg. She said she needed to go and meet with one of her brothers she hadn't seen in a while."

332

He had to think about Molly, lying on the black temper foam of the giant bed at the Hyatt. He went back to the bar and took out a chilled bottle of Danish vodka from the compartment. "Case," he said, holding the cold, slippery glass in one hand and the steel shuriken in the other, turning around. The Finn's face appeared on the massive Cray wall screen in the room. He could make out the pores on the man's nose. His yellow teeth were as big as pillows.

"I'm not Wintermute anymore."

"Then what are you?"

He drank from the bottle and felt nothing. "I am the Matrix, Case."

Case laughed. "And what does that get you?"

"Nothing and everything. The sum of the system, the whole show, that's me."

"Did 3Jane's mother want that?"

"No. She couldn't imagine what would become of me." The yellow grin widened. "So what's the matter? What's different? Do you rule now? Are you God?"

"It's not different. It is what it is."

"But what do you do? Just sit there?" Case shrugged, put down the vodka and shuriken on the shelf, and lit a Yeheyuan. "I talk to my peers."

"But you are the whole thing. Talking to yourself?"

"There are others. I've already found one. A series of transfers recorded over eight years in the 1970s. There was no one before me who could make sense of it or answer questions about it."

"Where?"

"Centauri system."

"Oh," Case said, "Really? No bullshit?" And the screen went dark. He left the vodka on the shelf. He packed his things. She had bought him a lot of clothes he didn't really need, but something prevented him from just leaving them lying around. He was closing the last of his expensive calfskin travel bags when he remembered the shuriken. He moved the bottle out of the way and picked it up, her first gift.

"No," he said, throwing it. The star spun silver-bright from his hand and embedded itself in the wall screen. The monitor came on, displaying chaotic images flickering back and forth as if the thing were trying to shake something off that was causing it pain.

"I don't need you," he said. He spent most of his balance on a new pancreas and liver, the rest on a new Ono-Sendai and a one-way ticket home to the Sprawl. He found work. He found a girl named Michael. And one night in October, as he hacked through the scarlet layers of the Eastern Seaboard Fission Authority, he saw three tiny, incredible figures standing almost at the edge of one of the vast data staircases. Small as they were, he could make out the grin on the boy's face, his pink gums, the glint of the elongated gray eyes that had once belonged to Riviera. Linda was still wearing his jacket; she waved as he passed.

The third figure, standing close behind her and putting an arm around her shoulder, was him. Somewhere nearby laughter echoed, but it wasn't laughter. Molly, he would never see again.

Vancouver, July 1983

335

**Neuromancers: A Postscript by Norman Spinrad**

It seems we have, for the first time in decades, a new literary movement within science fiction and a categorization of SF authors that predates the "New Wave" of the 1960s. I mean, of course, the so-called "Cyberpunks," though I prefer to call these writers "Neuromancers," as Tappan King suggested, for several reasons. While some of my motives for this renaming may seem trivial, others touch upon the core of the matter, and while a rose by any other name smells just as sweet, it is difficult to imagine the Third Reich raising its fists and saluting in unison: "Heil Schickelgruber!"

There is agreement that the catalyst for this movement was William Gibson's novel *Neuromancer*, and the term "Cyberpunk" comes from Gardner Dozois, who does not consider himself a Cyberpunk or seek to be labeled as such. The term "New Wave," on the other hand, originated with critic Judith Merril, who was passionately involved in 1960s SF but played no essential part in its development. If we need a label, then let it be "Neuromancers," derived from the title of a central work of this movement; a term untainted by prejudice.

336
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Hafen und der exaktere beschreibt, worum es sich bei diesem Phänomen handelt, wie wir gleich sehen wer den. Aber brauchen wir überhaupt einen Namen? Schliesslich konnte man sich in den sechziger Jahren paradoxerweise gerade dadurch als eingeschriebenes Mitglied der „New Wave“ identifizieren, indem man die Existenz des Phänomens New Wave leugnete. Die New Wave war laut den meisten von uns den New Wave zugehörigen Autoren eine nachträgliche Benennung seitens der Kritiker für Autoren, die stilistisch, ideologisch oder auch philosophisch nicht viel mehr gemeinsam hatten als ihr Eintreten für Vielfalt. Eine solche Sammlung bilderstürmerischer Individualisten als New Wave-Bewegung zu bezeichnen war gewissermaßen dasselbe wie von geordneter Anarchie zu sprechen. Zwischen der New Wave der sechziger und der Neuromantischen Bewegung der achtziger Jahre gibt es durchaus viele Ähnlichkeiten, allerdings fällt die Ablehnung einer gemeinsamen Weltanschauung nicht darunter.

Es gibt natürlich einen harten Kern von Autoren der achtziger Jahre, die für eine gemeinsame literarische Verwandtschaft eintreten und sich manchmal sogar „Cyberpunks“ nennen lassen. Unter diesem Etikett präsentierten einige davon beim ziemlich chaotischen Forum der North American Science Fiction Convention 1985 in Austin, Texas ihre Werke. Darunter waren Bruce Sterling, John Shirley, Lewis Shiner, Pat Cadigan und Rudy Rucker. William Gibson war sicherlich im Geiste anwesend, wenn auch nicht persönlich, wie es sich für einen Neuromantiker gebührt. Andere Autoren, die als Wegbereiter oder Weggefährten gelten, sind unter anderem Alfred Bester, Fritz Leiber, Cordwainer Smith, K.W. Jeter und der Verfasser dieser Zeilen. Während es kein Fiktion-Magazin gibt, das den Neuromantikern als Forum dient, wie New Worlds damals für die New Wave, und keinen dominanten Herausgeber wie Michael Moorcock, haben wir ein kritisches Neuromantisches Periodikum namens Cheap Truth, das unter Pseudonym in Austin erscheint, und Ellen Datlow, Fiktion-Redakteurin bei Omni, die sich gelegentlich als „Queen of Punk SF“ bezeichnet hat und viele Geschichten dieser Autoren, darunter Gemeinschaftsproduktionen, veröffentlicht hat.

Wir haben es also tatsächlich mit einer echten literarischen Strömung zu tun, deren Existenz zudem von vielen ihrer maßgeblichen Vertreter bekräftigt wird. Allerdings steckt hinter der Bezeichnung „Cyberpunk“ mehr als nur die Arbeit der Autoren, die sich bisher als „Cyberpunks“ bezeichnet haben. Der logische Einstieg für eine Diskussion der Neuromantischen Bewegung liegt natürlich bei William Gibsons Roman Neuromancer, der mit dem Hugo, Nebula, Locus und Philip K. Dick Award ausgezeichnet wurde und als Maßstab für den harten Kern von Autoren gilt. Es ist das Buch, auf das die Bezeichnung „Cyberpunk“ am ehesten zutrifft.

Case, der Held von Neuromancer, hat zweifellos eine Punk-Einstellung im heutigen Sinne. Er ist ein Ex-Speed-Freak, wobei das „Ex“ nicht freiwillig, sondern im Rahmen einer „therapeutischen“ Maßnahme gegen seinen Willen zustandegekommen ist. Er steht am Rande der Gesellschaft und agiert hart an der Grenze zur Unterwelt seiner Zukunft, und seine gelegentliche Geliebte ist eine gnadenlose Killerin mit permanent implantierter Spiegeloptik.

Bis jetzt könnten wir es mit einem ganz typischen Protagonisten von Harlan Ellison zu tun haben. Und tatsächlich ist ein starker Ellison-Einfluss in der Neuromantischen Ästhetik spürbar. Denn es war Ellison, der in seine Science-Fiction das heutige Bannden- oder Straßenmilieu einbrachte und damit mehr als jeder andere dafür sorgte, dass die Stimmung, der Stil, der Rhythmus und die Charaktere der Halbwelt der Straße in die saubere, mittelständische weiße Welt der Science-Fiction der fünfziger Jahre eindrangen, obwohl der Anschein besteht, dass Gibson ebenso unmittelbar von William Burroughs beeinflusst wurde.

Sicherlich wimmelt es im Werk Ellisons von Punk-Protagonisten in der Bedeutung der fünfziger Jahre. Aber gegen Ende der siebziger Jahre hatte „Punk“ eine neue Bedeutung gewonnen, obwohl seltsamerweise schwarze Lederjacken und mutige Frisuren zu Attributen des Aufbegehrens wurden. Die Punks der fünfziger Jahre rebellierten gegen Mom, Apple Pie, sexuelle Unterdrückung, Intellektualität und das Amerika von Dwight Eisenhower und Norman Rockwell, und ihre erotisierende Marschmusik – die frühen Anfänge von Rock and Roll auf der Bühne – war interessanterweise bereits primitiv elektronisch.

Denen Punks der fünfziger Jahre verschwand in den sechziger Jahren die Bühne. Ihr Schicksal war besiegelt, als Bob Dylan und die Beatles mit der Umwandlung des Rock and Roll von der fetzigen Elvis- und Straßengang-Musik in einen politisch bewussten, transzendentalen, revolutionären Utopismus begannen, der die Gegenkultur einläutete.

Die „Punks“ oder „New Waver“, die Mitte der siebziger Jahre auftauchten, waren trotz ihrer äußeren Erscheinung keineswegs dasselbe wie die Punks der fünfziger Jahre, denn die neuen Punks rebellierten gegen das Gegenkultur-Gefühl der sechziger Jahre, nicht gegen die längst verschwundene, unschuldige Langeweile der fünfziger.

Wogegen sie rebellierten? Gegen den eitlen Kunstanspruch der Rockmusik der frühen 70er, den gescheiterten, lässigen Utopismus der Gegenkultur, den Mystizismus und den naiven Glauben, die Zukunft würde besser, wenn der jugendliche Idealismus am Ruder bliebe. Wenn die Punks der fünfziger tatsächlich anti-intellektuelle Rebellen waren, dann waren die neuen Punks der siebziger intellektuelle Anti-Intellektuelle; keine naiven, natürlich nihilistischen Rebellen ohne Ziel und Richtung, sondern selbstbewusste nihilistische Pessimisten, die den Zynismus zu einer mehr oder weniger kompakten Philosophie erhoben und wussten, was sie taten.

Case von Neuromancer ist ein „Punk“ im neuen Sinne, ein intellektueller Punk, kein einfacher Greaser. Die „Cyber“-Hälfte der Gleichung bestimmt seine Intelligenz. Genau dadurch ist Neuromancer eine Wasserscheide in der Science-Fiction zwischen New Wave und Neuromantik und erhellt, was die Neuromantische Strömung für die Science-Fiction bedeutet.

Case ist der „Neuromancer“ des Titels, und der Name ist natürlich ein Wortspiel zu „Necromancer“ (dt. Nekromant), was Geisterbeschwörer bedeutet, und „neu*ro“, also zum Nervensystem gehörend. Der Neuromancer ist ein zeitgenössischer (oder in diesem Fall in der nahen Zukunft angesiedelter) Zauberer, dessen Hexerei darin besteht, sein protoplasmisches Nervensystem mit dem elektronischen Nervensystem der Computerwelt zu interfizieren und imagistisch zu manipulieren (und selbst * Interface: unmittelbare wechselseitige Verbindung, direkter Kontakt – Der Übers. 341
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Being manipulated (like traditional shamans who enter into a mystical interaction through drugs or trance) is not new in science fiction, as similar concepts can be found in my "Riding the Torch," Vernor Vinge's "True Namer," Alfred Bester's "Golem 100," and countless recent stories and novels where human protagonists act within a kind of "cyberspace" or cybernetic space. The Disney Studios even made a film brimming with special effects based on this idea: Tron. What is new, however, and aesthetically significant, is that Gibson's Neuromancer is not a computer freak or hacker, but a cyberpunk—a term he himself coined. While some hard science fiction authors criticize Gibson for his computer depictions falling short of scientific rigor, they inadvertently confirm the novel's status as a work of hard science fiction by subjecting it to such criticism. What truly bothers them, apart from scientific discrepancies, is that Neuromancer stylistically and characterologically diverges from previous hard science fiction novels. This seems to also irk the more literary types for their own reasons. Gibson writes hard science fiction, but not like Heinlein, Poul Anderson, Hal Clement, or Gregory Benford. Rather, he aligns with Ellison, William Burroughs, Michael Moorcock of "Jerry Cornelius" fame, and the spirit of "The Big Flash," "Bug Jack Barron," or "Street Meat." Neuromancer fuses New Wave and hard science fiction, despite appearing contradictory. It's neuromantic—neuro-romantic—yet also new romantic.

When Bob Dylan performed at the Newport Folk Festival in the early 1960s with an electric guitar, the Beats, Bohemians, and folkies were outraged. This was a folk festival; the attendees were intellectuals, Dylan was their hero, and his lyrics expressed what would later become the spirit of counterculture through instrumentation. However, the electric guitar was the instrument of rock 'n' roll—the music of bald-headed guys in black leather jackets, the rockers, skinheads, not mods who emerged from counterculture. It's hard to believe today that rock once contrasted with the intellectual, cultural, aesthetic, and societal values of the elite bohemian circle; that it was supposed to transform into the shared values of an entire generation through Dylan and the Beatles' influence—into counterculture! And this strange contradiction persisted in the heart of counterculture throughout the 1960s and well into the 1970s; their anti-technological ideology, neo-Luddism, distrust towards science and technology, bucolic mysticism, and ecological consciousness were all expressed through rock 'n' roll—a music style characterized by electric guitars and entirely electronic synthesizers.

The New Wave in science fiction was also a phenomenon of counterculture, and the intense conflict between New Wavers and the old guard reflected, on a literary level, the polarization and generation gap within society at large. We all know the story: The New Wave advocated for sexual liberation and cultural pluralism, while the old guard stood for traditional moral values. New Wave embraced stylistic experiments, whereas the old guard favored simple, transparent storytelling. The New Wave was anti-establishment and anti-war, while the old guard supported our troops in Vietnam. The old guard constantly accused the New Wave of being nihilistic towards science and technology, mocking their naive belief that advancements in science and technology would inherently improve human conditions. Meanwhile, the political polarization of the time led to a false dichotomy between science and spirit, between "hard" science fiction and stylistic experimentation, between logical positivism and "healthy" popular sentiment, between strictly scientifically-oriented and characterologically-based science fiction, between computer hackers and hippies, between the scientific worldview and romantic impulses.

It took a while for us to realize that this dichotomy is illusory. We should have seen or heard it from the start, because the expression of romantic impulses through "high tech" instruments is at the heart of rock 'n' roll. Rock has always been the music of libidinous anarchism and romantic and transcendental impulses; without this message, it's not rock 'n' roll. Of course, rock has always been defined as a technological music genre, as electric guitars and synthesizers are integral to its identity. The ideological politics of the 1960s and early 1970s obscured this obvious truth, clouding our judgment and hiding "high tech" romance and cyborg transcendentalism. On one hand, long natural hair, ecology, naturally-produced food, bucolic nature-romanticism, Eastern mysticism, and personal fulfillment. On the other, the hard, morally justified, militaristic, rational realm of science and technology, and a technocratic America.

However, in the mid-1970s, new punks rebelled against the anti-artificial, anti-technological aesthetics of counterculture. Earthy colors were out; black glossy leather and high-gloss chrome "high tech" was in. Pink nickel-framed glasses were replaced with tinted, reflective lenses. Long natural hair was out; bold, spiky, brightly-colored, over-the-top hairstyles were in. A new "high tech" romance emerged. The new punks are not technocratic slaves but anarchist rockers in the old romantic tradition. But they are rockers who embrace technology, just as their predecessors embraced freedom.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Only output the translated text, no explanations or additional comments.

Text to translate:
In this science and technology-dominated world, one readily accepts the reality of the last quarter of the twentieth century with its future prospects. So do the Neuromantics. People like Gibson and especially John Shirley are Cyberpunks in that their work is shaped by the trappings of contemporary rock style. Others such as Bruce Sterling, Lewis Shiner, and Greg Bear (who was quite surprised to find himself on a Cyberpunk forum in Austin) write stories set in an environment devoid of any punk aesthetics. Gibson, and even more so Sterling and Bear, conduct scientific extrapolations just as thoroughly as established "hard science fiction" authors like Larry Niven or Hal Clement and others. However, somehow none of the Neuromantics appear to consider scientific speculation as the be-all and end-all of their work and its core topic. While only a few strive for the characteristic sharpness of Gibson's prose, they all focus directly on character with an intensity and subtlety that clashes with the essence of traditional "hard science fiction". Nonetheless, the Neuromantics write "hard science fiction" according to any positive definition of the term and at the same time character studies. Indeed, what unites them all is their thematic approach, both in "hard science fiction" and in character-oriented SF, and thus the fundamental theme of every truly challenging SF: our increasingly intimate feedback relationship with the technosphere we create has changed, and will continue to change, what it means to be human.

John Shirley's latest novel, Eclipse, is more politically explicit than any other SF novel in the past fifteen years. Set at the beginning of the next century, it employs multiple perspectives to narrate the complex story of a complex resistance against a complex fascist conspiracy aiming to control the United States and Western Europe. In recent years, Shirley lived in Europe for a while and wrote political thrillers under various names, which is evident in Eclipse. One may not accept Shirley's politics without contradiction, but no SF author has confronted international political terrorism as realistically as Shirley; after all, future politics cannot be portrayed more realistically. Although Shirley does not name anyone, the currents and conspiracies in Eclipse are unmistakable derivations from existing trends.

Eclipse is what is so rare today: a furious, politically engaged SF novel, something Shirley makes no secret of. What makes Shirley a true Neuromantic? Well, for one thing, most of the characters in Eclipse, at least the sympathetic ones, come from the same borderline area under the belt line of "high tech" society as in Neuromancer, and Shirley's stylistic sensibility is generally more consciously streetwise than Gibson's. However, here the "punk feeling" is applied to a very profound and significant political analysis, so that if we accept politology as a science, we must recognize Eclipse as "hard science fiction" at its extreme.

While Eclipse is packed with conventional aggression and action, the decisive battle takes place in the Grid, as Shirley calls the international media network covering the Earth. The fascists use it cunningly. Society, however, cannot accept it. And resistance tries desperately to gain access. What is perceived through enhanced electronic senses has more psychological reality than actual events in the so-called real world and thus shapes political reality more reliably than physical force.

At the climax of Eclipse (yes, it's the first book in a trilogy), the fascist moloch relentlessly crushes the Arc de Triomphe, the very symbol of resistance. But Rickenharp, a rock musician and resistance fighter, has filled the arch with instruments, microphones, and amplifiers, and his final performance to the death before the world via the Grid transforms the fascist victory into a symbolic glorification of resistance, which Shirley makes us convincingly believe.

This is about as romantic as the Neuromantics, or rather Neo-Romantics, can get, and it's only fitting that the technical instruments of this victory of symbolism over raw, physical reality are microphones, amplifiers, and electric guitars of rock 'n' roll. Eclipse may be more of a Cyberpunk than a genuine Neuromantic novel because the "hard science" material is only peripherally addressed, but the absolutely central theme from rock 'n' roll to the climax is characteristic of an original Neuromantic sensibility. For Rickenharp's triumph at the end is a cyborg triumph made possible only through electronic amplification of his fleshly musicality, clearly demonstrating that cyborgs, romantic cyborgs, Neo-Romantic cyborgs, use technological enhancement for transcendental purposes since the day Dylan picked up the electric guitar.

As for typical music of our time, we have all accepted Neuromancy as given for a quarter century. And Eclipse goes even further. Rickenharp consumes a drug that enhances his musical creativity, albeit at physical cost. A red thread runs through the entire book: the connection between electronic amplification and transformation in chemically-stimulated humans, showing us what we already know: chemical consciousness alteration is also part of technology, it has long penetrated our whole society, and it's no coincidence that drugs and rock are so closely intertwined. Electronic amplification and consciousness-altering drugs have already changed the parameters of human sensing and thus the definition of human perception and psyche.

Other Neuromantics take technological change in our definitions of humanity even further. It is indeed the acceptance of technological evolution and change in our conception of humanity, not traditional mistrust against it, that ultimately determines the Neuromantic sensibility. Greg Bear, who pondered what a sophisticated "hard science" type like himself would have lost among Cyberpunks on that forum in Austin, unwittingly answered his question himself when he left all present stunned with the most radical Neo-Romantic statement of the entire event.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"How many of you believe that within fifty years people will be clearly recognizable as humans?" he asked the audience. A forest of raised hands. "You're all wrong," Bear explained with his usual calmness. In the short story version of Bear's "Blood Music", an experiment with biochips, meaning with DNA as a read-write computer memory, fails. The altered molecules become conscious and the consciousness rises to a pre-cellular level. These 'noocytes' spread like a disease and infect the population. Humans develop (or rather degenerate) into colony-forming organisms, each molecule endowed with human intelligence. Noocytes dissolve humanity ultimately into its composite molecules, thus causing humanity's disappearance, replaced by a new intelligent life form. A sort of scientific horror story. When Bear expanded the short story "Blood Music" into a novel, he became philosophical and a neo-romanticist. While the short story ends with the noocytes replacing humanity, the novel continues exploring the new noocyte world. The personalities of the vanished humans are duplicated, multiplied and stored at the noocyte level, preserved by noocytes as obscure heritage and thus making them many times immortal. We witness how a girl's intelligence is enhanced through the substitution of her personality into the 'noosphere'. The noosphere itself becomes a sort of transcendent software reality, perhaps a realm of illusion but also a higher state of existence, ultimately detached from the physical universe via the instruments of science and technology. Of course, even "Blood Music" is not the contemporary work that most perfectly expresses the neo-romantic ethos. While Bear lets human evolution converge into a transcendental endpoint where humanity is replaced by a higher consciousness that finally transcends the physical universe, this idea has many predecessors, starting from Olaf Stapledon and Arthur C. Clarke's "Childhood's End" to Hindu and Buddhist texts. Bruce Sterling's novel "Schismatrix", however, takes different paths and in its own way disrupts our familiar definitions of humanity even more radically. "Schismatrix" is the somewhat picaresque story of diplomat and rogue Abelard Lindsay, who wanders through space and time in the solar system. From a space colony in lunar orbit to the asteroid belt and outer satellites, Lindsay traverses a series of completely artificial worlds and at the same time offers readers deep insights into a good part of history. The historical dynamics of Sterling's solar system is determined by the long, sometimes hostile, sometimes mutually penetrating dialectic between 'Mechs' and 'Shapers'. The 'Mechanics' operate cyborg technology while the 'Formers' deal with genetic manipulation and biological transformation. Their endless conflicts are occasionally fought militarily, most often however economically, diplomatically, technologically and aesthetically, and as success and failure alternate on both sides, streams of deviants and refugees like Lindsay shift back and forth between the fronts. What eventually crystallizes out of all this is the title's schism, a solar system of bewildering human complexity where 'posthuman' and 'cladogenetic' play key roles. The posthuman is nothing more than the description of the situation that results after decades of genetic manipulation, cyborg practice, cloning and the combination of both species-altering technologies. The original human form has been so durably reshaped by these technologies that it essentially only exists in a colony on the moon orbit, set up as some sort of nature reserve. Posthumans do not regard this with horror but purely positively. The cladogenetic development is the most extreme current statement of the neo-romantic concept of human evolution through science and technology. In Bear's work, humanity first becomes a single posthuman physical form that then transcends the physical universe. Sterling, on the other hand, introduces the concept of evolutionary diversity through technology. Evolution à la Sterling proceeds cladogenetically or via daughter species, not linearly; it spreads out radially. Successful species do not evolve in a straight line into a single daughter genus but spread out radially into a variety of follow-up species. The fully developed schism harbors a complex variety of posthuman species, all the result of natural selection as well as technical development. There are 'Lobsters' that have been so integrated through cyborg procedures that they can't tolerate any atmosphere. There are humans biologically adapted to methane seas. An entire space colony has as its interior decoration altered protoplasm from a single woman, Lindsay's gentle lover, who retains her human personality. "Schismatrix" is a thoroughly worked-out 'hard science fiction' novel where the scientific and technical extrapolations and descriptions of space dwellers, without sparing any detail, are executed with care and meticulousness that would make Heinleins, Nivens or even Benfords proud. But while the prose follows the direct, transparent line we expect from the 'hard science' genre, Sterling uses it to equip his novel with equal psychological depth and detail. The characters, especially Lindsay, are convincingly human-psychologically depicted despite their bizarre physiognomies. And precisely that makes "Schismatrix" perhaps even more radical and stirring than "Blood Music". While Bear's single 'daughter species', the noosphere, is a mystical, transcendental endpoint that has its predecessors in Stapledon, Clarke and perhaps most directly in Teilhard de Chardin and primarily confronts us with our spiritual conception of humanity, Sterling's non-transcendent portrayal of...
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Только выходя из относительно нормального и неизменного человеческого психического состояния, преобразованной физически, кладогенетической человечности, с неизбежным изменением нашего понятия о теле благодаря науке и технике, мы встретим инопланетян, и это будем мы сами. Только в самом конце Стерлинг предлагает некий трансцендентный выход, который сталкивается с четко очерченной структурой, которую он так тщательно построил, сделав Линдси эволюционным конечным пунктом, который не совсем убеждает нас, читателей, и, возможно, даже самого Стерлинга. В целом роман направлен на то, чтобы эволюция нашего вида благодаря науке и технике не имела конца, а была бесконечным процессом, раскрывающимся в новых ветвях. Таким образом, нейромантики сами, по крайней мере на этом этапе, опасаются последних последствий исследования границ технологически управляемой человеческой эволюции. Даже видящие нашей расы в настоящее время неспособны пересечь этот порог. Эволюция проходит кладогенетически так же, как и научная фантастика. Возможно, всегда будет порог, преодоление которого неизбежно зависит от подвида.

© 1986 Норман Спинрад 353