Frauke Scheunemann

Dackelblick

Roman

 TUX - ebook 2010

DACKELBLICK

Wer nie einen Hund gehabt hat, weiß nicht, was Lieben und Geliebt werden   heißt.

Arthur Schopenhauer

 

Die genauste Vorstellung von der Machtlosigkeit des Menschen haben   zweifellos Gott und der Dackel.

George Mikes

 

Ich würde eher auf einen Mann verzichten als auf meinen Dackel   Felix.

Ingrid Steeger

EINS

Was für eine Absteige! Gut, ich hatte gewusst, dass es nicht das Grand Elysée   sein würde. Aber diese Unterkunft ist wirklich das Letzte. Eine Zumutung.   Muffig und dunkel. Und dreckig. Ich gebe mir Mühe, mich nicht genauer   umzuschauen, aber der Schmutz meiner Vorgänger ist unübersehbar. Es ist   offensichtlich, dass hier schon ziemlich lange nicht mehr saubergemacht wurde.   Mir ist zum Heulen zumute - wie konnte ich nur in eine solche Lage geraten?   Heute Morgen noch im Salon von Schloss Eschersbach, und jetzt das. Nun fange ich   wirklich an zu heulen.

»Schnauze, du nervst!«, kommt es keine zwei Sekunden später von links.

Richtig: Das Schlimmste hatte ich noch nicht erwähnt: meine Zimmernachbarn.   Fünf an der Zahl, die meisten von ihnen unglaublich verwahrlost. Und das nicht   nur optisch. Ungebildeter Pöbel, der in einem Adligen wie mir natürlich gleich   ein willkommenes Opfer ausgemacht hat. Mein Stammbaum reicht bis 1723, diese   Ignoranten neben mir kennen vermutlich nicht einmal den Unterschied zwischen   Markgraf und Markklößchen.

Vor meinem inneren Auge taucht mein Großvater auf. pflegte er zu sagen. Ach Opili, wenn du   mich jetzt sehen könntest - ich bin definitiv ganz unten angelangt. Bei diesem   Gedanken heule ich noch lauter. Irgendjemand muss mich hier einfach   rausholen!»Wo ein von Eschersbach   ist, ist oben. Vergiss das nie!«, 

»Komm, Süßer, beruhige dich.« Eine Hand greift durch das Gitter und krault   mich hinter den Ohren. »Gleich gibt es ein leckeres Fresschen, und dann sieht   die Welt ganz anders aus. Der erste Tag ist für alle schlimm.«

Hm, eine nette Stimme. Interessiert gucke ich zur Seite, um festzustellen, zu   wem sie gehört: Neben dem Zwinger steht eine junge Frau in einer Latzhose und   lächelt mich aufmunternd an. Ihre Hand riecht nach gewöhnlichem Dosenfutter,   trotzdem hat die Berührung etwas Tröstliches. Ich schlecke ihre Finger ab, sie   beginnt zu kichern.

»Ja, ja, das schmeckt dir, nicht wahr?«, flüstert sie mir zu.

O je, wenn die wüsste - an meinen verwöhnten Dackelgaumen habe ich bisher   eigentlich nur frisches Herz und Pansen gelassen. Fertigfutter war die absolute   Ausnahme, das gab es wirklich nur, wenn Emilia, unsere Köchin, krank war oder   Urlaub hatte. Bei dem Gedanken an Emilia krampft sich mein kleines Herz   zusammen, und ich muss ein bisschen winseln. Als ich mich heute Morgen von ihr   verabschiedet habe, hat sie geweint. Weiß der Teufel, wie Menschen das immer   hinbekommen. Aber zum ersten Mal in meinem Leben hätte ich viel dafür gegeben,   auch ein paar Tränen vergießen zu können.

»Du Armer, noch so schlimm?«, erkundigt sich die Pflegerin mitfühlend. »Mach   dir keine Sorgen, du bist so süß, wir finden bestimmt bald ein neues Frauchen   oder Herrchen für dich. Versprochen!« Dann streicht sie mir noch einmal über den   Kopf und zieht ihre Hand wieder durch das Gitter.

Ich drehe mich um und trotte in die andere Ecke des Zwingers. Dort wirft ein   Sonnenstrahl noch ein einladend helles Fleckchen auf den Boden, und ich   beschließe, es mir ein bisschen gemütlich zu machen.

Offenbar bin ich nicht der Einzige, der auf diese Idee gekommen ist: Bevor   ich mich hinlegen kann, tritt mir ein riesiges schwarzes Irgendwas direkt auf   die Pfoten.

»Kleiner, ich glaube, du verziehst dich besser auf die andere Seite. Hier ist   mein Platz.« Um seinem Wunsch Nachdruck zu verleihen, kommen die letzten Worte   nur als heiseres Knurren.

Was für eine lächerliche Töle! Meint die ernsthaft, sie könne mich in die   Flucht schlagen? Mich, dessen Ahnen noch mit dem letzten Kaiser zur Jagd   gegangen sind? Ich schüttle den Kopf.

»Ich glaube nicht«, entgegne ich so würdevoll, wie es mir unter diesen   widrigen Umständen möglich ist, »dass in diesem Etablissement mit Reservierungen   gearbeitet wird. Ich war vor Ihnen da, also werde ich mich auch auf diesen Platz   legen. Sie gestatten?« Mit diesen Worten schiebe ich Mr. Irgendwas zur Seite und   lege mich schnell hin. Er starrt mich völlig fassungslos an. So viel zivilen   Widerstand hat er wohl noch nie erlebt. Zufrieden räkle ich mich. Opili hatte   doch Recht - ein von Eschersbach ist eben auch oben, wenn er unten ist.

Während ich noch darüber sinniere, wann hier wohl mit der zweifelsohne eher   bescheidenen Mahlzeit zu rechnen ist, verfinstert sich mein sonniges Fleckchen.   Nanu, eine Wölke? Ich blicke nach oben, um festzustellen, was in aller Welt hier   auf einmal diesen unerfreulichen Schatten wirft - und schaue direkt in das   Gesicht eines ziemlich ungemütlich aussehenden Boxers. Er schiebt seine Nase   ganz dicht an meine und verströmt dabei einen Geruch, dass es mir regelrecht den   Atem verschlägt.

»Pass auf, du aufgeblasener Zwerg: Wenn du nicht neu wärst, wärst du jetzt   ein toter Hund. Hier gelten unsere Regeln, besser du hältst dich daran. Also   wenn mein Freund Bozo sagt, dass du dich verpissen sollst, dann ...«, er kommt   noch ein bisschen näher und schnappt blitzschnell nach mir.

Aua! Ein stechender Schmerz fährt durch mein rechtes Ohr. Hilfe! Der ist ja   gemeingefährlich! Ich belle aufgeregt - offensichtlich bin ich unter militante   und gewaltbereite Straßenköter geraten. Aber sosehr ich auch belle - niemand   kommt. Nicht einmal die junge Frau in der Latzhose. Boxer und Bozo grinsen   selbstzufrieden.

»Spar dir die Mühe. Die hört dich momentan nicht - ist zu den Katzen   rübergegangen. Wir könnten dich jetzt richtig plattmachen, und niemand würde   dir helfen. Ein toter Hund mehr in der Statistik dieser Bude. Wen interessiert   das schon?«

Ich merke, wie sich meine Nackenhaare sträuben und es mir eiskalt den Rücken   herunterläuft. Bozo, die schwarze Töle, baut sich wieder vor mir auf.

»Also, was ist jetzt? Wenn ich sage verpiss dich?«

»Dann verpisse ich mich?«, ergänze ich seinen Satz.

»Richtig. Hundert Punkte. Braves Hundchen.«

Bozo verpasst meiner empfindlichen Nase noch einen kräftigen Stüber mit   seiner ungepflegten Pfote. Erschreckt springe ich zur Seite und laufe auf   zittrigen Beinen in die andere Ecke des Zwingers. Wahrscheinlich machen sie sich gerade über mich lustig. Eigentlich bin   ich sehr gerne ein Dackel, aber in diesem Moment wäre ich viel lieber ein   Kampfhund. Staffordshire, Pitbull oder irgendetwas anderes in Richtung meinem 

Lizenz   zum Töten.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Don't be sad," Fritz pats me on the side, "the nurse just said: You're such a real person type, someone will get you out of here soon. And then you'll show those two idiots over there the middle finger, because no one wants them."

I look at Fritz thoughtfully. Hopefully he's right.

The next morning I feel like a rag doll. I barely slept—and even when my eyes closed for five minutes, I had terrible nightmares. Of boxers and pit bulls chasing me through the kennel, and vast amounts of canned food that tastes absolutely disgusting. Tired, I hobble to Fritz, who's wagging his tail at the cage door.

"Morning," I ask him, "why are you so awake and in such a good mood?"

"Well, today is visitor day. And if someone actually comes looking for a dog, I want to make a good impression. I'm not exactly young anymore, so it's all the more important to seem dynamic and cheerful."

Is he right? In fact, I have no desire to put on the trained dachshund act. But the thought of settling in here for an extended stay is terrifying. So I stand next to Fritz and wag my tail unmotively back and forth. And would people really fall for such a cheap trick? Unbelievable.

"By the way, what's your name?" Fritz wants to know.

"Carl-Leopold," I reply curtly.

"Carl-Leopold? That's a strange name for a dog."

"I don't think so. It all depends on where you come from." A snob! What does he know about nice names? "I'm from Eschersbach," I proudly add.

"Eschersbach? Doesn't ring a bell to me," Fritz grumbles and continues wagging his tail.

I sigh. Truly, a snob. A nice guy, but still a snob. Just as I'm about to start introducing Fritz to the basics of my family history, a door slams open next to our kennel. My whole body is electrified. Not because of the noise—after all, this place has such a high noise level that even a dachshund's delicate ears should fall off. No, it's more an utterly indescribable smell that hits my nose directly. Even Fritz seems to have caught wind of it, stopping his silly wagging and pressing his snout through the bars instead.

"Do you smell that too?" I ask him. He nods. "Amazing, right?"

"Yeah, crazy!" we agree.

"It's the most beautiful scent I've ever smelled on a person," I conclude.

That this scent belongs to a human is clear. Every dog can pick it up immediately. But what kind of person does such a nice-smelling one belong to? Not some vulgar meathead like sausage or chocolate cookie. No, more like... I scratch my head... exactly—a beautiful summer day. A happy summer day. Lots of flowers, a hint of strawberries, and a wisp of mint. Fantastic.

"Probably we'll be disappointed when we see the person," Fritz says matter-of-factly.

"Really?" I want to know. "I haven't actually noticed any connection there yet. Can't judge."

"Oh yes, absolutely," he insists.

We eagerly gaze toward the door. And there she comes, followed by the overalls. Fritz was completely off base. Because for a person, she's gorgeous, like an angel. She chats with the other woman and laughs while doing so. Her eyes laugh too—which looks especially beautiful and is quite rare among people. Most of them just crinkle their mouths when they laugh. A shame. So if I could laugh, I'd make my eyes do it too. It definitely looks better that way.

"Hmm, so a smaller dog? And preferably younger?" The angel nods.

Fritz's ears droop immediately. He knows what that means: no lady for him again. Because Münsterlanders aren't small—and Fritz is far from young anymore. He hangs his head. "Good luck!" he whispers to me, then trots past me. Of course I feel bad for him—but maybe this is really my chance? I try Fritz's tactic again, wagging my tail excitedly and trying to bark as cheerfully as possible. In fact, the two women are now walking straight toward me.

"This is our junior," she says, reaching through the bars. I lick her hand right away. Well, if that doesn't make a good impression, I don't know what does. The angel bends down to my level.

"Well, what a cutie! Such a sweet guy!" I jump up and down excitedly.

"Yes, he's a real beauty. A dachshund mix."

Ouch. Mix. Damn it. That hurt. I immediately stop acting like the enthusiastic dog. Not that it wouldn't be true—on the contrary. Miss Overalls is right. And she brings my shame to light: I'm a mutt. The result of Mom's affair with a very dashing terrier. That's why I'm here. Because although I'm Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach, I'm not a purebred dachshund—not by any means. Not suitable for hunting and certainly not for breeding. That's what the old lord of Eschersbach said before he put me in a box and drove me here. Emilia cried, but she already had my sister, and two dogs were too much for her.

Apparently I've started whining because now the angel reaches through the bars and pets me.

"Oh, poor thing, what's wrong? Are you sad?"

How embarrassing. An Eschersbach doesn't cry like that. And then not in front of such a beautiful woman! Heaven help me, where will this end? But apparently that was exactly the right thing to do, because now she stands up, points at me, and says: "I want him. Definitely. Can I take him with me?"

Overalls nods. "Come on in, then we'll take care of the formalities. He's already been vaccinated. He comes from a very meticulous breeder. A little accident, that's all."

She chuckles at her own joke. And I'd love to give her a good lick right now. But I don't. Otherwise I might have to stay here.

Twenty minutes later, I'm safely tucked away in the box on the backseat of Carolyn's car. Carolyn—that's what I've found out about my angel. A nice name. Noble. Probably from a wealthy family. Something like that is instantly recognizable to a dog like me. And Carolyn is in good spirits. She whistles a tune and occasionally checks the rearview mirror to see how I'm doing.

"So, my sweetie, now you'll get to meet your new home. I'm very curious to see what you think."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
My surroundings grow darker and rockier; Caroline carries me up a flight of stairs. I try to sniff out my new home through the bars of my box with my nose. In any case, it seems to be a place where various people and animals live. At least one cat, right away.

Now Caroline sets down the box, and I hear her unlock a door. She pushes the box with her foot a bit further. Then she fiddles with the lid, opens it, and carefully lifts me out.

"Voilà! This is where you'll be living from now on. Take a good look around, little guy."

At first I can't see anything—it's so bright in here. I blink cautiously and try to adjust to the light. Dimly, I recognize that we seem to be standing in a human living room. In front of the window sits a large couch, which looks like a small dachshund could very comfortably take a nap on it. Is Caroline allowed to do that? Well, at least it was strictly forbidden in the castle. Which naturally led my sister and me to jump up onto the sofa in the salon whenever we got the chance. Just because it was so hilariously odd when the old lord of the castle, despite his cane, shot after us like a greased lightning bolt and wildly swished his stick around to shoo us away.

I bound for the sofa and sniff its lining. Hm, strawberries and mint, too. But something else as well. No animal. More like a human. I immerse myself deeply into the scent. Hm, not only do I have a new mom, but also a dad? This definitely isn't a woman's scent. While I'm still pondering, Caroline lifts me up and sets me down on the sofa—right next to her. Excitedly, I lick her hands—this woman clearly knows what dachshunds love. She laughs and pulls her hands away. Then she looks at me thoughtfully.

"So, little guy, I've taken care of everything for you: a crate, leash, food bowl, food. The only thing left is... " I shake my head; in my opinion, that sounded pretty complete. "You need a nice name."

I squeak surprisingly—I already have a name! Or did Caroline just abandon me at the animal shelter without telling me anything about myself? Such heartlessness!

Apparently sensing my indignation, Caroline lifts me onto her lap, and we lock eyes.

"Hm, well then, what kind of little guy like you should I call you? What do you look like?"

I try to puff out my chest and look as dignified as possible. Maybe she'll come up with "Carl-Leopold" on her own. To emphasize this appearance, I bell majestically twice. Come on, Caroline, think hard!

"In any case, you're not an ordinary dog—you really do have character," she says.

Yes! Exactly! She's got it! With a proud toss of my head, I announce, "I'm Hercules."

What? HERCULES? An ancient Greek instead of old aristocratic?

TWO

Hercules! Okay, Caroline may not have much taste when it comes to naming dachshunds, and I'll need some time to get used to this strange new name. But she does have a knack for finding the right neighborhood. In fact, the house I'm now living in seems almost as big as Castle Eschersbach. So my suspicion that Caroline comes from good stock is confirmed. The neighbors don't exactly live in humble cottages, either. Right behind our house starts a park. However, I'm not sure if it belongs to Caroline alone because it's huge. When we take a short walk there, I can't even make out where the park ends—fantastic!

And it's not just big; adventure awaits within it as well. After only a few steps, I sense rabbits and squirrels for the first time. Immediately, I want to run off, but then Caroline reminds me with a sharp tug on my neck that she has something for me that is completely unfamiliar: a kind of rope attached to my collar. Ouch! What's this for? I bite down on the thing with my teeth and tug it a bit. Caroline kneels down next to me.

"Well, Hercules? Don't you like your new leash? Or have you never gone for a walk like this?" She seems uncertain whether a small dog like me can actually do this. Walking on a leash, I mean. But unfortunately, there's a leash law here, and she can't just let me roam freely.

At the word "leash law," I bite down even harder on the rope. I don't exactly know what that means, but it definitely sounds like something aimed against dogs.

"Oh, oh," Caroline says, then gently strokes my head. I let go of the leash and look at her.

"I guess I'll have to buy a dog-training book or maybe take some lessons with a trainer? You're my very first dog ever. But yesterday, all of a sudden, I felt like it would be nice to have such a friendly, loyal companion around."

Okay, the training part is obviously unnecessary nonsense, and I hope Caroline comes up with something on her own. But the friendly, loyal aspect definitely applies to me. In fact, it applies to every dachshund from Eschersbach. I'd even go so far as to say we're famous for it, Opilia says in thought. But what happens if the human suddenly leaves their dog? That's something Opilia would never have thought of, I add gloomily. A momentary bad mood threatens to take hold of me, but then Caroline rummages around in her pocket. Hmm, not just anything—I recognize that scent! It's sausage meat. She actually holds a piece under my nose. An Eschersbach dog never leaves its human. Never! Remember that, Carl-Leopold!

"Here you go, my dear. Let's start our first training session with something enjoyable," she says.

I grab the sausage tip and immediately jump up and down excitedly. Caroline should know this is definitely the right idea.

"That makes you happy, doesn't it? Maybe we'll skip leash training for now and instead visit Daniel. It's time you met him. He's probably hard at work around this time of day, and maybe he'd appreciate a little diversion."

I would have loved to stay in the park with the leash, too. Even without it. Perhaps we would've encountered another dog I could've quizzed about the neighborhood. But if Daniel is so important... well, be it!

Caroline takes the same route back that we came from, and I do my best to trot bravely behind her. Maybe I'll get a piece of sausage as a reward for giving her a good training example. In fact, she does turn around briefly in my direction.

"Good boy, Hercules! You're learning quickly!" She praises me, but unfortunately doesn't reach into her pocket again. That's alright; I'm not really hungry anyway.

Now we're back in front of our house. Does Daniel live here, too? Caroline bends down and picks me up onto her arm.

"Time for the workshop!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Workshop? An interesting word. What could it hide? We actually go into the house, but not up the stairs, but down four steps. Then Carolin opens the door - and we stand in a room that smells incredibly of wood. I snort in surprise. Do people also have forests where houses are located? And do foxes and rabbits still live there despite this? However, I don't see any trees at all. Strange.

I hear someone whistling from a corner of the workshop thing. Could it be Daniel? Carolin carries me towards the sound. We enter a room with two large windows through which the warm afternoon sun shines directly. Right behind the windows begins a meadow that looks very pretty. In front of the windows stands a large table, and behind the table is the man who can whistle so loudly. He holds an object in his hands that resembles a branch with long hair. When he sees us, he puts the thing aside and stops whistling.

"Oh, hello! Have you lost someone? Or do we have visitors?"

Carolin shakes her head. "Neither: we have a new roommate. Let me introduce: Hercules - Daniel. Daniel - Hercules." With these words, she sets me down on the table next to the object.

"Please? Did you buy a dachshund?"

"A mix, yes."

I can't help but shake my head vigorously and snarl in protest. The two look at me in surprise.

"Maybe he doesn't like men?" Daniel wants to know.

Carolin shrugs her shoulders and strokes me soothingly behind the ears. "I don't hope so. At the animal shelter, they didn't mention anything about it, and I actually wanted to bring him into the workshop during the day."

Daniel smiles. "Well, maybe he's a proud little guy and doesn't like when you question his purebredness."

The two laugh, and Carolin takes me back onto her arm.

What's so strange about that? Even though I don't know many people yet, one thing is clear: these bipeds are definitely less sensitive than we dogs. They clearly don't have a clue what's bothering us at the moment. All of a sudden, I get the feeling that living with such a person all the time might not always be fun. After all, Daniel was already on the right track. We'll practice the rest!

"May I hold him too?"

"Of course!" Carolin passes me over. Daniel has a firm but not unpleasant grip. He is only slightly taller than Carolin, and from up here, I can see that his bright hair wildly curls over his entire head.

"Well, little guy? Don't you like me?" To clarify the opposite right away, I lick Daniel's face with my tongue.

"So much for not liking men," Carolin rejoices. "You're getting along with him just fine."

"That's good to know! Because if we spend our days together in threes from now on, anything else would be bad. A dachshund who constantly pinches me in the shins would have seriously disrupted our harmony."

Ah, I understand. Daniel is my lady's master. Probably, that's why I caught a whiff of him upstairs in the apartment. I've heard before that people like to pair up and then stay together for a long time. I always found this strange. But when I see the two of them, it makes perfect sense. They seem so... familiar with each other. Almost like my Opili with the old Eschersbach. And the two have been going hunting together for fifteen years. You can't get much closer than that. Do Carolin and Daniel hunt together? Or do couples do other things in pairs?

"By the way, has Mrs Brolin called again?" Carolin asks Daniel. "She wanted to come by with a cello today for an appraisal. It needs restoration if it's worth it."

Cello. What a beautiful word. So soft and yet somehow... fiery. What could that be? And is there any connection between this object Daniel was holding earlier and the cello? Well, I'll find out, as of today, I'll be in the area more often.

"Yes, she called briefly and left the instrument here. It wasn't urgent for her. It's enough if you call her on Monday."

"Okay. To be honest, I'd like to take the rest of the day off and show Hercules his new home and surroundings. We've already tried a little walk in the park, but Hercules doesn't like his new leash. Maybe I'll practice with him some more."

"Go ahead, there's nothing urgent here anyway. At least not something I wouldn't manage without you." Daniel smiles again and passes me back to Carolin.

It's amazing what different facial expressions people can make. Of course, it's much easier when you don't have so many hairs around your eyes and nose. Right now, this Daniel is looking at Carolin as if he'd also like to lick her face.

But apparently, that's not something people do. At least, I've never seen them do it. By the way, they don't jump up and down either. Strange, right? But it feels so good when you're happy.

"Daniel?"

"Yes?"

"Is this okay with you about the dog?"

"Of course, don't worry."

"I mean, it was a pretty spontaneous idea, and I actually wanted to ask you first. But then I went to the animal shelter out of pure curiosity and fell in love with this little guy right away."

"He's really cute too. I can understand why you took him right away. Those big brown button eyes alone. By the way, I think he's a pure dachshund. His floppy ears and relatively short legs - he has a pretty long back as well. So, if you ask me, he definitely comes from a real dachshund family, no other breeds are likely to be mixed in."

Daniel, you're my man! I'd love nothing more than to jump straight from Carolin's arm onto Daniel and lick him all over again - his compliment feels so good. I feel like I've grown by a whole foot in height. Proudly, I start barking.

"It seems to make you very happy!" Carolin says, stroking my ears one last time. "Well, my sweetie, then I'll do my best to make sure you're comfortable here."

As I lie down in my new basket at night, I'm exhausted but happy. We spent an hour walking in the park and practicing with the leash. To do Carolin a favor, I usually trotted behind her, only occasionally sitting down and growling when I thought I had come across a rabbit hole. After all, I also have a reputation as a hunting dog to uphold. But with some coaxing and a few slices of sausage, we managed a pretty big leash walk in the park. We even met a few other dogs, but I wasn't in the mood for talking. After all, there's always tomorrow.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Before I drift off to sleep, Carolin comes by once more and tucks a soft blanket into my basket. She nuzzles me for a bit, then whispers in my ear: "You know, my sweetie, it's actually a shame I haven't gotten myself a dog yet. Here, it would be ideal for someone like you. During the day, you can come with me to the workshop or wander around our garden. And whenever I take a break or have free time, we go for walks here. How does that sound?" She wants to know, and finally - finally! - I get to lick her face. Carolin giggles, strokes me one last time, and wishes me goodnight.

Wow, I've hit the jackpot: a nice lady, a nice gentleman—actually, a truly beautiful family, just like at Castle Eschersbach. Okay, there's no Emilia, and instead of fresh panse as promised for dinner to celebrate, Carolin opened a can. But who cares? If that's what civilized life is about, I'm game. At least it seems honest here; I haven't encountered anyone as cold-hearted as the old man from Eschersbach yet. Yes, the luck of the little people does have something soothingly calming about it. The nobility can do without me. Just thinking about that delicious sausage makes my eyes close.

THREE

I'd prefer to plug my ears or hide under the couch. Because what I'm experiencing right now is truly terrifying. A man I've never seen before just entered our apartment, Carolin's place, and started yelling. I'm speechless. Who is this horrible guy? And where is Daniel? Won't he protect his mate? Maybe I should look for him quickly so he can help Carolin. But that would mean passing by the yelling man, which I honestly don't feel like doing. Is it a vice to hate people who can be so incredibly loud? My ears are truly remarkable. In my opinion, humans neither need to speak so loudly nor listen to such incredibly loud music, as they often do. But that's just me saying.

In his aggressive manner, this man reminds me of Bozo and Boxer. He's huge, a whole head taller than Carolin. And his hair is just as jet-black as Bozo's fur. He makes the same haughty movements and has the same unrefined tone. Apparently, he's a proletarian through and through, like Bozo-Boxer.

The man waves his arms wildly around and points—at me! Oh no!

"Did you buy a dog? I was on a business trip for three days and came back, and what do I find? You've bought a dog?"

Bozo-Boxer's face is bright red. Something tells me I don't quite fit with him the way I do with Daniel. But that can wait. The most important thing is my master likes me. And hopefully, this will happen soon. Even with people's usually bad hearing, you can probably hear these screams in the workshop. Now Carolin bravely steps in front of the man. Clearly, she wants to defend me. A noble gesture, but it's just not going to work like that. If anyone needs defending here, it's my lady through her brave hunting dog. It does no good—I have to jump into the fray.

Just as I'm about to take off for a daring leap to get a good bite position on this guy's sensitive spot, the unbelievable happens: Carolin moves even closer to the nasty type and starts petting him.

"But, darling—we agreed that getting an animal was a good idea. And yesterday, I spontaneously went to the animal shelter. Please, don't be mad! Hercules is so cute!"

I must have misheard. As far as I know, these things are said by couples, like when the gardener always tells Emilia everything is fine because they're a couple. So, does Carolin have two men? And one of them is this proletarian? At least, Carolin seems to have calmed him down; he's not yelling quite as loudly anymore. Darling?

Darling

"You and your spontaneous ideas! Buying a dog without asking me—what kind of nonsense is that?"

"Well, I thought since you're often away and we have such a big garden, Hercules could come to the workshop with me during the day. Daniel had no problem with it."

"Of course he wouldn't. He's the weakling in comparison to you. If you suggested standing in the store in strapless dresses tomorrow, he'd say yes without hesitation."

"Come on, Thomas—stop picking on Daniel. He may not be as assertive as you, but I couldn't imagine a better partner than him."

Aha, so the man's name is Thomas. And apparently, he knows Daniel. What an interesting dynamic. Do people sometimes live in threes? It's said that dogs used to live in packs in ancient times, with one male for several females. But here, it seems like each woman needs multiple males. There's still a lot I have to learn as a young dog. That much is certain.

"Well, of course you wouldn't find a better partner," sneers Thomas. "There are hardly any luthiers around. But just because your work colleague lets you do everything in the workshop doesn't mean the same for me."

Thomas laughs derisively. Carolin starts to cry, and it slowly dawns on me that Daniel and Carolin aren't a couple—at least not a romantic one. Instead, Carolin is, somehow unthinkable, married to Thomas, and they only work together. That's just the way it is. Oh, how dreadful.

I'm completely confused now and don't even hear what else Thomas has to say. Instead, I frantically try to figure out how Carolin could have ended up with Thomas. She certainly didn't choose him of her own free will. How did this happen? Is there some kind of matchmaker for humans? So to speak, a breeder? I used to think that was impossible, that humans had free will. But if I'm seeing this here, then it must work differently in human relationships. And—it's obvious—not well.

"Carolin, you're making things up. This just isn't going to work between you and Thomas. It never has, and it never will."

"How do you know that? Just because I'm a psychologist doesn't mean I can see into the future."

"No, not because you're a psychologist. But because I'm your best friend Nina, who's been watching this whole mess for four years now."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
We sit, or rather Carolin and Nina sit, while I lie in a café. Carolin came with me after the argument with Thomas. A short time later, Nina joined us. And since then, it has been quite interesting, because Carolin and Nina are talking about exactly what has been making me think a lot today: What does Carolin actually want from Thomas? Nina obviously doesn't like Thomas either. But unlike me, she doesn't judge him by his unpleasant smell or loud voice, but has listed many other reasons that I didn't fully understand most of them. But anyway - in the end, Nina and I come to the same conclusion: He's just not right for her. Carolin, however, defends him bravely, but Nina continues to argue.

"I mean, honestly, Carolin: You've already bought a dog out of desperation. What's next?"

Hey! Does that mean me? I growl cautiously. Carolin leans down to me.

"It's okay, Hercules. Nina doesn't mean it like that."

Nina rolls her eyes. I can see this clearly from my spot next to Carolin's chair. "Yes, I mean exactly what I say! What you're missing is a man who loves you just as much as you love him. That stupid little dachshund isn't a replacement!"

Stupid little dachshund? Does she even know who she's talking to? It's clear I'm not going to stop with a growl, so I jump up and bark at Nina once energetically. She raises her eyebrows in surprise.

"Wow, it seems like he actually understood me. Okay, I take that back. You're no stupid dachshund. But as for the first part...I stay with my opinion - you'll never be happy with Thomas. Keep the dog but break up with him."

Exactly, let's do this! I lie down again.

"Hercules isn't a love substitute. This has nothing to do with Thomas. I've always wanted a dog."

"Nonsense. That was typical sublimation."

"Yes, yes, the psychologist knows best."

I'm not sure what that means, but it seems dangerous. Carolin has said this to Nina several times, and it sounded like Nina had a serious illness at least kennel cough. Her poor eyes, rosy skin tone, big clear eyes...I bet she even has a cold nose. And her brown hair glistens. But if it is an illness, I hope Carolin doesn't catch it and become psychologically affected too.

"So let's get to the point: You're not happy with Thomas and you never will be. Keep the dog but break up with him."

Perfect, that's what we'll do! I wag my tail. Unfortunately, Carolin isn't as enthusiastic about this advice as I am - she starts crying.

"You don't understand. Thomas and I are meant to be together. I know it for sure. Just the way we met...it was fate!"

Fate? What a mysterious word. Is that what brings people together? And if so, how could fate have been so off with Carolin? I try to imagine fate in person. Maybe he looks like Old Escherbach. Stricter. Intimidating. A bit haughty. But if fate is indeed like Old Escherbach, then maybe it can also be wrong sometimes. After all, the old man made a huge mistake evaluating me. Would he have sent me to the animal shelter?

Suddenly, I'm not so interested in Nina and Carolin's conversation. My thoughts drift back to my family: Mom, my sister Charlotte, and Emilia. How are they doing? For the first time since those three exciting days, I feel a strange longing. Are they missing me? Or have they stopped talking about me? Does Charlotte sleep well without me in her basket next to her? Oh, Charlotte, will I ever see you again?

"Hey Hercules, what's wrong with you? Don't you feel good?"

Apparently, I've started whining. Carolin and Nina stop talking, and Carolin picks me up onto her lap. Surprised, I look directly into her eyes. Her eyes are completely red - people do cry a little, but obviously it doesn't agree with them. I lick her hands quickly. Does that mean...but Carolin looks worried anyway.

"Hmm, what's wrong with him?"

Nina shrugs. "Maybe he's not happy with Thomas either? After all, Thomas would like to kick him out."

WUFF! What? Thomas wants to kick me out? So I'll be back at the animal shelter tomorrow? With Bozo and Boxer?

When we get home, I'm still quite worried. Will Carolin really bring me back? That would be terrible. Maybe I won't have a choice but to make up with Thomas. I decide that when I see him next, I'll show off my best dachshund side - even though it goes against my nature, because a von Escherbach doesn't usually crawl on his belly - but my last act of civil disobedience ended in a painful bite into my ear lobe, as we all know.

However, Thomas isn't home at the moment. Carolin doesn't call for him either; she only briefly puts her bag down and then grabs the apartment key again.

"We're going back to the workshop, Hercules." Then she opens the door, "Come on, sweetie!"

Nothing I'd rather do! I'm happy to see Daniel again and wag my tail behind Carolin as we go downstairs.

Upon arriving, however, I realize that while it still smells very woody, it's not necessarily Thomas' scent. Strange, where is he? While Carolin goes to one of the tables and starts tidying up a bit, I start sniffing around looking for Daniel. I find out that the workshop rooms are arranged quite similarly to Carolin's apartment: two adjoining ones on one side, a third behind them, then a long hallway, and at the back, another room. There it smells especially woody - and as I stick my nose in, I see entire piles of wood stacked here. Oddly enough, there is nothing people don't collect.

"Hercules, where are you?" Carolin calls down the hall. I run out of the wooden room. "Now what? You're sniffing around the woodpile? It smells nice, right?" I lie down in front of Carolin's feet, and she pets me briefly. "Or are you looking for Daniel?"

When I hear that name, I wag my tail. Let Carolin know exactly who I consider a good master.

"Ah, so that's it. Daniel is nice, right? But we usually don't work on weekends. I need to get a few things done around here that have been left since you moved in. Then we'll go for a walk, promised. You can look around the garden while I finish up, okay?"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A good plan, because I haven't inspected the garden yet. In general, apart from the apartment and workshop, the house is still completely unfamiliar to me, and I'm looking forward to exploring it bit by bit. Carolin goes to one of the windows in the second room and opens it. Only now do I see that there are two steps leading up into the garden from here. I spring up them quickly and sit down immediately on the grass. Wonderful - how ticklish it feels on my belly! The sun is shining right on my nose, and I have to sneeze. Carolin laughs.

"So, then enjoy yourself - I'll leave the door open, so you can come in if you get bored."

No worries, Carolin, that definitely won't happen! I run off and sniff at the massive tree standing on the side of the house. Hm, interesting. Obviously no dog has been here for a long time, because there's nothing marked on this trunk. I mark it right away and lift my leg. This is something I haven't done often enough, especially not on such a wide trunk, so it probably looks a bit amateurish. But that doesn't matter, as I can practice this in peace and quiet here. Until I can do it just as well as the adult males I've been secretly observing. They're so laid-back: they walk past a tree and lift their leg - as if it's no big deal.

I try again on the other side; after all, it's important to be able to do it with both legs. Not easy! Fortunately, no one is watching me.

"Well, little guy?" echoes a voice above me at that moment. "That looks pretty wobbly. You're not going to last long, heh heh!"

Who on earth is that? I look up and see a thick, black cat in the tree crown. Oh no, what a disgrace! A secret observer and now just a cat!

"By the way, this is the garden and the tree - so I'm asking you to stop peeing here. It's disgusting and smells bad." says my...

My...

With these words, the cat slowly climbs down the thick trunk and stands in front of me. For a cat, it's quite large. Especially because it's also fat. I growl at it.

"What? Is that supposed to be a greeting?" I snap. "You dogs have no manners. You just waltz into my living room without knocking and don't even introduce yourself. But alright," the cat sighs, "let's start over: I'm Herr Beck."

Aha, a tomcat.

"I'm Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach. Pleased to meet you, Herr Beck. Finally, someone who knows how things should be done." I don't want anyone telling me I don't know what's appropriate.

The cat chuckles. "Carl-Leopold? That's strange, I just heard Carolin calling you Herkules. And von Eschersbach sounds a bit pretentious."

What an insult! I'd love to bite this fat creature right in the heels - but from dealing with palace cats, I know that can be quite painful for a small dog like me. These animals are really fast and have sharp claws. Although I'm seething internally, I try to keep my cool.

"A woman as lovely as Carolin can call me by any name she likes. But not you, your majesty. Besides, this isn't even your living room anymore, it's my new garden. So please, in the future, don't climb on my also-new tree. You're damaging it with your claws." says Carl-Leopold...

The cat's tail starts twitching. Unfortunately, not out of fear, but because he bursts into hysterical laughter.

"Wonderful - you were just missing! I was getting a bit bored - but with a clown like you, this summer will definitely be entertaining."

Herr Beck starts laughing on the floor. It's clear he's having a great time. I, on the other hand, could pull out my tail hairs. No one takes me seriously. Slowly, Herr Beck calms down, stands up, and gives himself a quick shake.

"Now look here, little guy - what do you think you are?"

I want to say something in response when Herr Beck's paw zips by my nose, missing by millimeters. "No, wrong question! Just don't start with that noble talk again."

I growl. Herr Beck shouldn't think he can just insult me without consequences - claws or no claws. Unfortunately, he completely ignores this and continues unabated: "I've been living here as the only animal for quite some time now, if you exclude the stupid parakeet on the second floor. And just because you were brought here by that admittedly very charming Carolin, you don't get to clear my territory. This was garden, it is garden, and will always be garden! So be happy when you're allowed to bask in the sun here from time to time and stay away from the tree."

With these words, he turns around and apparently wants to leave me standing there. That's enough for me. I take a running leap forward and grab Herr Beck's tail. Actually, with the intention of making it just as narrowly miss him as he did my nose earlier. Unfortunately, in that very moment, he lowers his tail tip towards my teeth - and before I know it, I bite right into it. Ouch. That definitely hurt a little bit, maybe even a lot. But not on purpose!

Herr Beck roars with anger and tries to get at me, but I'm long gone. On the second day of being pestered by a cat, that's certainly not how I imagined my grand entrance. Before he catches up with me, I leap through an open window in the workshop.

I almost land on Carolin's feet, who looks at me in surprise.

"What are you doing there, Herkules? Aerial acrobatics?" She looks out the window and sees Herr Beck, who manages to stop just in time. "Did you argue with the cat?"

I try to look as innocent as possible and wag my tail.

"So really, Herkules! Herr Beck is a nice older gentleman. Plus, his lady always waters my flowers when I'm not around. So you need to behave yourself."

How embarrassing! She knows the cat better than me. I pretend to be interested in something on the ground. However, I can't help but think that Carolin's taste in men - both human and feline - is far from exquisite. First Thomas, then Herr Beck - it's almost a wonder she didn't bring Bozo from the animal shelter with her.

The thought of Thomas makes me remember that I still need to make a good impression on him today. He shouldn't even think about returning me. Besides, there's enough enemy in my immediate vicinity, and I don't need Herr Beck as an additional one. I resolve to seize the first opportunity to bond with Thomas by the scruff of his neck.

That's exactly what I'll do, Opili. With courage and audacity. Ein von Eschersbach doesn't hesitate - he acts when the opportunity arises, with courage and audacity.

FOUR
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Actually, the opportunity for reconciliation with Thomas comes even earlier than thought. A night later, I'm lying in my basket and can't sleep. Too many things are going through my head. Thomas. The small incident with Mr Beck. The conversation between Carolin and Nina. Even Fritz, the Münsterlander from the shelter, I have to think about. Restlessly, I toss and turn.

Suddenly, I hear a sound. It's a murmuring... or rather a... whimpering? I scramble up, climb out of my basket, and trot out of the living room towards the hallway. There I can hear the sound even better. It is indeed a whimpering, and it comes from the bedroom! Horror - isn't Carolin not doing well? The door is only slightly ajar, so I can quietly slip in. Unfortunately, it's completely dark, I can't see anything.

And again the sound. The whimpering has now turned into a groan. To my great relief, however, it is clearly Thomas who doesn't seem to be doing well. My first thought: Everything must be alright with Carolin. My second thought: Here she is, my chance! Now I have to act boldly and fearlessly. Because quite obviously, Thomas is lying in bed and winding himself up in pain. Carolin seems to be sleeping - or at least, she doesn't seem to hear him, because if she did, she would help him. So I'll make sure she wakes up and Thomas doesn't have to suffer any longer. Then he'll realize what a great dog I am and how lucky Carolin was to bring me along.

With a bold and fearless leap, I jump into bed right next to the groaning Thomas. It's really surprising that Carolin didn't hear him, as she lies more or less under him. As I mentioned before: humans have really bad hearing. But don't worry, Thomas, you now have a new loyal friend. In his pain, he winds himself up, his face turned down. I quickly lick his neck, so he knows help is on its way. He shivers. Then I start barking as loudly as possible. After all, Carolin should finally wake up.

The next thing I remember is flying across the room and landing very roughly beside the door. Suddenly, it gets bright. Thomas - through some miracle, spontaneously healed - stands over me and glares at me angrily.

"You stupid mutt! What do you think you're doing? I'll put you down!"

He swings at me - does he want to hit me? I try to duck away. But where? In panic, I start yapping. Help - what's going on here?

At that moment, Carolin suddenly stands behind Thomas. From all the noise, she finally woke up. She grabs Thomas by the shoulder from behind and pulls him back.

"Subdue yourself, Hercules! He didn't intentionally disturb us. "

Thomas turns around. "Please? The dog jumps into our bed when I'm just getting into a good rhythm, and you defend it? To that stupid animal, I'll show what I think of his little act."

"Thomas!" Carolin sharply exclaims. "You're to leave Hercules alone right now! Immediately!"

She bends down to me and picks me up on her arm. Now I'm shaking like a leaf. This is just too much for my delicate nervous system. And anyway, I don't understand anything anymore: Why should Thomas be happy that at least I recognized his critical condition? Instead, he seriously planned to beat me up. And my Dackelpo still hurts from the kick he gave me in bed. I start whining. Never have I been treated so unfairly. Against this psychopath, even old von Eschersbach is a model of kindness!

"You poor thing, you're shaking so hard!" Carolin presses me to herself and presses her face into my neck. "Don't worry, I'm here with you. I'll take care of you."

Thomas snorts disdainfully. "So really, Carolin. Do you now have an erotic relationship with a dog? You seem not to mind the interruption at all. Maybe it was even right for you. You don't even have to say you have a headache anymore."

Hold on: Thomas groans, and Carolin has a headache? What interruption? No matter how hard I try, I can't make any sense of it. One thing is clear, though: My attempt to get along with Thomas has completely backfired. And I don't even know why. Can I take my new chew toy to the shelter? Besides, it doesn't really matter, as Bozo and Boxer will probably take it away from me anyway.

The rest of the night, I spend in my basket. Although I'm exhausted, after all this chaos, of course, I can't sleep either. From time to time, I raise an ear and listen into the darkness. Complete silence. But even if I heard a noise again - no ten horses would get me back into a room where Thomas is present.

The sun shines through the workshop windows, creating several inviting patches on the old wooden floor, calling... This morning, the last night still sits heavy on my mind. I hesitate between laying down in Carolin's room or next to the table where Daniel is working. "Come on, Carl-Leopold, lay down with me and rest a bit!"

Finally, I lie down next to Daniel. I feel quite small and am afraid that Carolin might also blame me for everything. Even though she didn't say a word, it still feels a little uncomfortable. Because something must have gone completely wrong. Even after careful consideration, I still don't know what exactly. But the fact that Carolin had to defend me from Thomas again is really embarrassing for me.

"So, how was your weekend? How does living with your new dog go?" Daniel wants to know from Carolin.

I tuck my ears down and lower my head between my front paws. The story that will inevitably follow I don't want to hear at all.

"You - great! Thomas is also very enthusiastic about the little guy. Well, you know how much he loves animals."

Huh? Was there something in his food this morning? Obviously, I'm hallucinating.

"Really? No, I didn't know that he likes animals so much. But all the better, then they'll certainly get along great. They could go for walks together or do some survival training or what a real tough guy does with his dog."

Do I imagine it, or do I hear a hint of irony in Daniel's words? That's actually not easy for me as a dog - humans often use the same words to mean completely different things. I remember very well how von Eschersbach first said when I jumped onto the sofa in the living room with wet paws, and then later used his cane to hit me on the hind legs. I couldn't calm down for two hours until my mom explained that people often say the opposite of what they mean to make it clear that they don't actually mean it. Crazy, right? In a human's head, there must be several very impractical and unnecessary twists. That's obviously not good for their brain. "Fine dog, good idea!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
In this context, it's also interesting to question how Carolin came to tell such a story? Why won't she admit that our start into a shared future was a total failure? Is perhaps animal love something that increases the value of a man? Just like wild hunting ferocity, drive and shooting accuracy set apart an outstanding hunting dog? I know a lot about outstanding hunting dogs: Mom was three times in the final of the National Championship, the shelves at Castle Eschersbach are bending under her trophies, and she never got a lower mark than "Excellent 1", or short V1. So if animal love is basically catalogued, and Carolin wants to demonstrate that Thomas is a candidate for V1, then her story makes sense. But on the other hand, even a small dog like me can see at first glance that Thomas would get at best a "Satisfactory" - even with animal love. If it were actually present.

But back to the topic of irony: honestly, I hope Daniel didn't mean it that way. Because the combination of words "with" and "waken" evokes in me entirely different associations than those of a great friendship between man and dog. Instead, I see myself Thomas pushing me over a rock ledge into a very deep abyss or tying me to a tree in a lonely forest and simply leaving. Then again, perhaps back to the animal shelter. Maybe I can found a dog-shared flat with Fritz, who unfortunately is still there, and we'll get our own little kennel? Even next to the cat enclosure - looking back, I realize it was actually quite funny biting Beck's tail.

Thomas alone

Survival training

"So Daniel, you don't have to laugh about that. I really believe Hercules and Thomas will become good friends."

Ah - thank God! So indeed irony. No dangerous solo ventures with Thomas.

"I'm not laughing. I just doubt that your dear Thomas will soon be jogging through the park with a cute guy like Hercules. It goes too much against his carefully cultivated image as a tough guy."

"What's wrong with Thomas?"

"Nothing. I sometimes wonder what he has against me."

Carolin bursts out laughing loudly. Sounds quite inauthentic.

"Please - Thomas has nothing against you. On the contrary, he finds you very nice."

Carolins usually warm voice has a tinny tone. Does Daniel hear that too? He sighs.

"Sure, sure."

"You're just very different. But that doesn't mean you can't be friends."

After that, Daniel says nothing more but takes a deep breath. Apparently, he doesn't want to talk about this topic with Carolin. A pity, I would have liked to know more of his opinion about Thomas. Maybe I have an ally in him? That would be nice, because by now I could use another friend in this house.

At lunchtime, Carolin briefly takes me into the apartment to give me my food. She has indeed bought a book about dogs - I saw it on the sofa in the living room - and maybe as the first chapter she read the one about healthy nutrition. At any rate, she's now off canned food and brought fresh heart for me during our walk this morning. As she cooks it, a tempting smell spreads throughout the apartment. Delicious! A very pleasant development.

"Okay, little guy, that needs to cool down a bit first, then you'll get it. Let's wait five more minutes; I need to make a quick phone call anyway, then I'll give it to you."

She puts my bowl with the heart pieces in the fridge and goes into the room next to the living room. I stand around uncertainly for a moment, then trot into the hallway. While I'm still wondering what to do until lunch, I see that the bedroom door is open again. For two days, I've made a wide berth around this room, but now my curiosity wins out. Maybe I'll find something there that explains what happened during the terrifying night from last week? Although I wouldn't know what it could be, at least I want to take another look in daylight. From the other corner of the apartment, I hear Carolin talking with this black plastic thing. After everything I now know about humans in general and women in particular, that's a sure sign she's completely distracted right now. It was the same with Emilia. You could steal the most amazing things from the kitchen while she was on the phone.

Cautiously, I push my nose through the door crack. Indeed, the air is clean. In a flash, I'm already inside. At first glance, it looks completely unremarkable. But as they say, the second look makes things interesting. Better said, the moment when a dog precisely sniffs around. And that's why I decide to thoroughly inspect the place with my nose.

I start at the bed: everything as usual. To the right, it smells like Carolin; to the left, more like Thomas. Well, what did I expect? That's just how they sleep. I'm about to jump down again when I notice a different scent. Not directly on the sheets, but rather underneath, on the mattress. I pull the sheets apart and sniff closer. Strange. While Carolin's side has that fantastic Carolin smell and Thomas' side smells unsympathetically on his own, there's a third scent hanging over this bed. It's... hmm... I'm not sure... somehow... no, or maybe yes... really hard to say! So I sniff around the entire bed again.

Just then, the bedroom door swings open wide. "Herkules, no! What are you doing in our bed again?"

Carolin stands before me, wagging her index finger in disapproval. Ashamed, I look down. How am I supposed to explain exactly what I'm looking for? I don't even know myself. I just know that I've discovered something very strange.

"Dogs don't belong in the bed, Herkules. You have a very comfortable crate, and please stay there when you want to sleep. You can sit with me on the sofa, but not in the bed. Thomas was really mad at you earlier, and I promised him I'd teach you better. I want them to be friends. And that's not how it works!"

Now Carolin looks really sad. Ugh. I tuck my ears down and jump off the bed. It was a stupid idea with the bedroom. And smarter I'm not either.

"Don't look so sad. Every now and then, even such a sweet dog like you has to learn something. And now come - your food is probably ready."

Of course, I don't let that slip twice, and off I go straight to the kitchen. Carolin takes the bowl out of the fridge, stirs it once, and sets it in front of my nose. Mmm, delicious. A proper portion of heart, and the biggest problem is quickly forgotten.