Frauke Scheunemann

Dackelblick

Roman

 TUX - ebook 2010

DACKELBLICK

Wer nie einen Hund gehabt hat, weiß nicht, was Lieben und Geliebt werden   heißt.

Arthur Schopenhauer

 

Die genauste Vorstellung von der Machtlosigkeit des Menschen haben   zweifellos Gott und der Dackel.

George Mikes

 

Ich würde eher auf einen Mann verzichten als auf meinen Dackel   Felix.

Ingrid Steeger

EINS

Was für eine Absteige! Gut, ich hatte gewusst, dass es nicht das Grand Elysée   sein würde. Aber diese Unterkunft ist wirklich das Letzte. Eine Zumutung.   Muffig und dunkel. Und dreckig. Ich gebe mir Mühe, mich nicht genauer   umzuschauen, aber der Schmutz meiner Vorgänger ist unübersehbar. Es ist   offensichtlich, dass hier schon ziemlich lange nicht mehr saubergemacht wurde.   Mir ist zum Heulen zumute - wie konnte ich nur in eine solche Lage geraten?   Heute Morgen noch im Salon von Schloss Eschersbach, und jetzt das. Nun fange ich   wirklich an zu heulen.

»Schnauze, du nervst!«, kommt es keine zwei Sekunden später von links.

Richtig: Das Schlimmste hatte ich noch nicht erwähnt: meine Zimmernachbarn.   Fünf an der Zahl, die meisten von ihnen unglaublich verwahrlost. Und das nicht   nur optisch. Ungebildeter Pöbel, der in einem Adligen wie mir natürlich gleich   ein willkommenes Opfer ausgemacht hat. Mein Stammbaum reicht bis 1723, diese   Ignoranten neben mir kennen vermutlich nicht einmal den Unterschied zwischen   Markgraf und Markklößchen.

Vor meinem inneren Auge taucht mein Großvater auf. pflegte er zu sagen. Ach Opili, wenn du   mich jetzt sehen könntest - ich bin definitiv ganz unten angelangt. Bei diesem   Gedanken heule ich noch lauter. Irgendjemand muss mich hier einfach   rausholen!»Wo ein von Eschersbach   ist, ist oben. Vergiss das nie!«, 

»Komm, Süßer, beruhige dich.« Eine Hand greift durch das Gitter und krault   mich hinter den Ohren. »Gleich gibt es ein leckeres Fresschen, und dann sieht   die Welt ganz anders aus. Der erste Tag ist für alle schlimm.«

Hm, eine nette Stimme. Interessiert gucke ich zur Seite, um festzustellen, zu   wem sie gehört: Neben dem Zwinger steht eine junge Frau in einer Latzhose und   lächelt mich aufmunternd an. Ihre Hand riecht nach gewöhnlichem Dosenfutter,   trotzdem hat die Berührung etwas Tröstliches. Ich schlecke ihre Finger ab, sie   beginnt zu kichern.

»Ja, ja, das schmeckt dir, nicht wahr?«, flüstert sie mir zu.

O je, wenn die wüsste - an meinen verwöhnten Dackelgaumen habe ich bisher   eigentlich nur frisches Herz und Pansen gelassen. Fertigfutter war die absolute   Ausnahme, das gab es wirklich nur, wenn Emilia, unsere Köchin, krank war oder   Urlaub hatte. Bei dem Gedanken an Emilia krampft sich mein kleines Herz   zusammen, und ich muss ein bisschen winseln. Als ich mich heute Morgen von ihr   verabschiedet habe, hat sie geweint. Weiß der Teufel, wie Menschen das immer   hinbekommen. Aber zum ersten Mal in meinem Leben hätte ich viel dafür gegeben,   auch ein paar Tränen vergießen zu können.

»Du Armer, noch so schlimm?«, erkundigt sich die Pflegerin mitfühlend. »Mach   dir keine Sorgen, du bist so süß, wir finden bestimmt bald ein neues Frauchen   oder Herrchen für dich. Versprochen!« Dann streicht sie mir noch einmal über den   Kopf und zieht ihre Hand wieder durch das Gitter.

Ich drehe mich um und trotte in die andere Ecke des Zwingers. Dort wirft ein   Sonnenstrahl noch ein einladend helles Fleckchen auf den Boden, und ich   beschließe, es mir ein bisschen gemütlich zu machen.

Offenbar bin ich nicht der Einzige, der auf diese Idee gekommen ist: Bevor   ich mich hinlegen kann, tritt mir ein riesiges schwarzes Irgendwas direkt auf   die Pfoten.

»Kleiner, ich glaube, du verziehst dich besser auf die andere Seite. Hier ist   mein Platz.« Um seinem Wunsch Nachdruck zu verleihen, kommen die letzten Worte   nur als heiseres Knurren.

Was für eine lächerliche Töle! Meint die ernsthaft, sie könne mich in die   Flucht schlagen? Mich, dessen Ahnen noch mit dem letzten Kaiser zur Jagd   gegangen sind? Ich schüttle den Kopf.

»Ich glaube nicht«, entgegne ich so würdevoll, wie es mir unter diesen   widrigen Umständen möglich ist, »dass in diesem Etablissement mit Reservierungen   gearbeitet wird. Ich war vor Ihnen da, also werde ich mich auch auf diesen Platz   legen. Sie gestatten?« Mit diesen Worten schiebe ich Mr. Irgendwas zur Seite und   lege mich schnell hin. Er starrt mich völlig fassungslos an. So viel zivilen   Widerstand hat er wohl noch nie erlebt. Zufrieden räkle ich mich. Opili hatte   doch Recht - ein von Eschersbach ist eben auch oben, wenn er unten ist.

Während ich noch darüber sinniere, wann hier wohl mit der zweifelsohne eher   bescheidenen Mahlzeit zu rechnen ist, verfinstert sich mein sonniges Fleckchen.   Nanu, eine Wölke? Ich blicke nach oben, um festzustellen, was in aller Welt hier   auf einmal diesen unerfreulichen Schatten wirft - und schaue direkt in das   Gesicht eines ziemlich ungemütlich aussehenden Boxers. Er schiebt seine Nase   ganz dicht an meine und verströmt dabei einen Geruch, dass es mir regelrecht den   Atem verschlägt.

»Pass auf, du aufgeblasener Zwerg: Wenn du nicht neu wärst, wärst du jetzt   ein toter Hund. Hier gelten unsere Regeln, besser du hältst dich daran. Also   wenn mein Freund Bozo sagt, dass du dich verpissen sollst, dann ...«, er kommt   noch ein bisschen näher und schnappt blitzschnell nach mir.

Aua! Ein stechender Schmerz fährt durch mein rechtes Ohr. Hilfe! Der ist ja   gemeingefährlich! Ich belle aufgeregt - offensichtlich bin ich unter militante   und gewaltbereite Straßenköter geraten. Aber sosehr ich auch belle - niemand   kommt. Nicht einmal die junge Frau in der Latzhose. Boxer und Bozo grinsen   selbstzufrieden.

»Spar dir die Mühe. Die hört dich momentan nicht - ist zu den Katzen   rübergegangen. Wir könnten dich jetzt richtig plattmachen, und niemand würde   dir helfen. Ein toter Hund mehr in der Statistik dieser Bude. Wen interessiert   das schon?«

Ich merke, wie sich meine Nackenhaare sträuben und es mir eiskalt den Rücken   herunterläuft. Bozo, die schwarze Töle, baut sich wieder vor mir auf.

»Also, was ist jetzt? Wenn ich sage verpiss dich?«

»Dann verpisse ich mich?«, ergänze ich seinen Satz.

»Richtig. Hundert Punkte. Braves Hundchen.«

Bozo verpasst meiner empfindlichen Nase noch einen kräftigen Stüber mit   seiner ungepflegten Pfote. Erschreckt springe ich zur Seite und laufe auf   zittrigen Beinen in die andere Ecke des Zwingers. Wahrscheinlich machen sie sich gerade über mich lustig. Eigentlich bin   ich sehr gerne ein Dackel, aber in diesem Moment wäre ich viel lieber ein   Kampfhund. Staffordshire, Pitbull oder irgendetwas anderes in Richtung meinem 

Lizenz   zum Töten.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Don't be sad," Fritz nudges me, "the nurse just said: You're such a real person type, someone will get you out of here soon. And then you'll show those two idiots over there the middle finger, because no one wants them."

I look at Fritz thoughtfully. Hopefully he's right.

The next morning I feel like a rag doll. I barely slept—and even when my eyes closed for five minutes, I had terrible nightmares. Of boxers and pit bulls chasing me through the kennel, and vast amounts of canned food that tasted absolutely disgusting. Tired, I hobble to Fritz, who's wagging his tail at the cage door.

"Good morning," I ask him, "why are you so awake and in such a good mood?"

"Well, today is visitor day," he replies. "And if someone actually comes looking for a dog, I want to make a good impression. I'm not exactly young anymore, so it's all the more important to seem dynamic and cheerful." You'll see, people like that kind of thing.

Is he right? Honestly, I have no desire to put on the trained dachshund act. But the thought of settling in for a longer stay here is terrifying. So I stand next to Fritz and unmotively wag my tail back and forth. And would people really fall for such a cheap trick? Incredible.

"By the way, what's your name?" Fritz wants to know.

"Carl-Leopold," I answer brusquely.

"Carl-Leopold? That's a strange name for a dog."

"I don't think so. It depends on which stable you come from." Snob! What does he know about pretty names? "I'm from Eschersbach," I proudly add.

"Eschersbach? Doesn't ring a bell," Fritz grumbles, continuing to wag his tail.

I sigh. Truly a snob. A nice one, but still a snob. Just as I'm about to start introducing Fritz to the basics of my family history, a door slams open next to our kennel. My whole body is suddenly electrified. Not because of the noise—after all, this place has a noise level that would make a dachshund's ears droop. No, it's the completely indescribable smell wafting towards me. Fritz seems to have caught wind of it too, stopping his silly wagging and pressing his snout through the bars instead.

"Do you smell that?" I ask him. He nods. "Amazing, right?"

"Yes, incredible!" I agree.

"That's the most beautiful scent I've ever smelled on a person," I declare.

It's clear this scent belongs to a human. Every dog can pick it up immediately. But who is this human? Not some grubby meathead like sausage or chocolate cookie. No, more like...I scratch my head...exactly—a beautiful summer day. A happy summer day. Lots of flowers, a hint of strawberries, and a touch of peppermint. Fantastic.

"Probably we'll be disappointed when we see the person," Fritz says matter-of-factly.

"Really?" I want to know. "I haven't noticed any connection there myself. Can't judge."

"Oh yes. Absolutely."

We gaze expectantly towards the door. And there she comes, followed by her overalls. Fritz was completely wrong. Because for a person, she's gorgeous, like an angel. She chats with the other woman and laughs in the process. Her eyes laugh too—which looks especially beautiful and is quite rare among humans. Most of them just crinkle their mouths when they laugh. Which is a shame. So if I could laugh, I'd make my eyes do it too. It definitely looks better that way.

"Hmm, so a smaller dog? And preferably younger?" The angel nods.

Fritz hangs his head immediately. He knows what that means: no lady for him again. Because Münsterlanders aren't small—and Fritz isn't young anymore either. He lowers his head. "Good luck!" he whispers to me, then trots past me. Of course I feel bad for him—but maybe this is really my chance? I try Fritz's tactic again, wagging my tail excitedly and trying to bark as cheerfully as possible. In fact, the two women are now heading straight towards me.

"This is our junior," she says, "just got him. About six months old."

She reaches through the bars, and I lick her hand right away. Well, if that doesn't make a good impression, I don't know what does. The angel bends down to my level.

"Well, what a cute guy! Such a sweetie!" I jump up and down excitedly.

"Yes, he's a real cutie. A dachshund mix."

Ouch. Mix. Darn it. That hurt. I immediately stop acting like the enthusiastic dog. Not that it wouldn't be true—on the contrary. Miss Overalls is right. And she brings my shame home: I'm a mutt. The result of Mom's affair with a very dashing terrier. That's why I'm here. Because although I'm Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach, I'm not a purebred dachshund—not suitable for hunting and certainly not breeding. That's what the old lord of Eschersbach said before he put me in a box and brought me here. Emilia cried, but she already had my sister, and two dogs were too much for her.

Apparently I've started whining, because now the angel reaches through the bars and pets me.

"Oh, poor thing, what's wrong? Are you sad?"

How embarrassing. An Eschersbach doesn't cry like that. And then in front of such a beautiful woman! Heaven help me, where will this end? But apparently it was just what I needed, because now the angel stands up, points at me, and says: "I want him. Absolutely. Can I take him right away?"

Overalls nods. "Come on in, then we'll take care of the formalities. He's already been vaccinated. He comes from a very careful breeder. A little accident, that's all."

She chuckles at her own joke. And I would love to give her a good lick right now. But I don't—otherwise I might have to stay here.

Twenty minutes later, I'm safely tucked away in the box on the backseat of Carolyn's car. Carolyn—that's what I've found out when saying goodbye. A nice name. So noble. No doubt Carolyn comes from a good family. Something like that is obvious to me as a dog. And Carolyn herself is in high spirits. She whistles a tune and occasionally checks the rearview mirror to see how I'm doing.

"So, my sweetie," she says, "now you're going to get to know your new home. I'm very curious to see what you think."

And I am too! Will it be as nice as Schloss Eschersbach? With a big park? And lots of rabbit hutches? The car slows down and finally comes to a stop. Carolyn opens the door and pulls out the box. Now I have strawberries and mint right in front of my nose, and I'd love nothing more than to lick Carolyn from head to toe. But I still have to wait before getting out of the swinging box.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
My surroundings darken, and the swaying intensifies. Caroline carries me up a flight of stairs. I try to sniff out my new home through the bars of my box with my nose. In any case, it seems to be a place where different people live, and different animals too. At first glance, I can make out at least one cat.

Now Caroline sets down the box, and I hear her unlock a door. She pushes the box further with her foot. Then she fiddles with the lid, opens it, and carefully lifts me out.

"Voilà! This will be your new home from now on. Take a good look around, little guy."

At first, I can't see anything—it's so bright in here. I blink cautiously and try to get used to the light. Dimly, I recognize that we're probably standing in a human living room. In front of the window sits a large couch, which looks like a small dachshund could very comfortably take a nap on it. Is Caroline allowed to do that? Anyway, it was strictly forbidden at Schloss Eschersbach. Which naturally led my sister and me to jump onto the sofa in the salon. Just because it was so hilariously absurd when the old master of the house, despite his cane, flew by like a greased lightning bolt and wildly waved his stick around to chase us away.

I bound towards the sofa and sniff its lining. Hm, strawberries and mint too. But something else as well. No animal. More like a human. I immerse myself deeply in the scent. Hm, not only do I have a new mom, but also a dad? This isn't a woman's scent at all. While I'm still pondering, Caroline lifts me up and sets me down on the sofa—herself right next to me. Enthusiastically, I lick her hands—this woman clearly knows what dachshunds love. She laughs and pulls her hands away. Then she looks at me thoughtfully.

"So, little guy, everything is taken care of for you: a crate, leash, food bowl, food. The only thing left to find is... " I shake my head; in my opinion, that sounded pretty complete. "You need a nice name."

I squeak surprised—I already have a name! Or did Caroline simply abandon me at the animal shelter without telling me anything about myself? Such heartlessness!

Apparently noticing my indignation, Caroline lifts me onto her lap, and we lock eyes.

"Hm, well, how should such a little guy like you be named? What do you look like?"

I try to puff out my chest and appear very dignified. Maybe she'll come up with "Carl-Leopold" herself then. I give it another two stately barks to emphasize the point. Come on, Caroline, think hard!

"In any case, you're not an ordinary dog—you really do have character."

Yes! Exactly! She's got it! Majestically, I throw my head back.

"I've got it! Herkules!"

What? HERKULES? An ancient Greek instead of old aristocratic?

TWO

Herkules! Okay, Caroline doesn't have a clue when it comes to naming dachshunds, and I'll need some time to get used to this strange new name. But she does have a knack for finding the right neighborhood. In fact, the house I'm living in now seems almost as big as Schloss Eschersbach. My suspicion that Caroline comes from good stock seems to be correct. The neighbors don't exactly live in modest cottages either. Right behind our house starts a park. However, I'm not sure if it belongs to Caroline alone because it's enormous. When we take a short walk there, I can't even make out where the park ends—fantastic!

And it's not just big; adventure awaits within it too. After just a few steps, I sense rabbits and squirrels. Immediately, I want to run off, but then a rough tug on my neck reminds me that Caroline has something for me that is completely unfamiliar: a kind of rope she's attached to my collar. Ouch! What's this supposed to be? I bite the thing with my teeth and tug a little. Caroline kneels down next to me.

"Well, Herkules? Don't you like your new leash? Or have you never gone for a walk like this before?" She's not sure if a small dog like me can do that. Walking on a leash, I mean. But unfortunately, there's a leash law here, and she can't just let me roam around freely.

At the word "leash law," I bite down even harder on the rope. I don't exactly know what it means, but it definitely sounds like something aimed against dogs.

"Ts, ts!" Caroline says and then gently strokes my head. I release the leash and look at her.

"I guess I'll have to buy a book on dog training or maybe book some hours with a trainer? After all, you're my very first dog ever. But yesterday, I suddenly felt like it would be nice to have such a friendly, loyal companion around."

Okay, the training part is obviously unnecessary nonsense, and I hope Caroline comes up with something on her own. But the part about being friendly and loyal definitely applies to me. As does it to all dachshunds from Eschersbach. I'd even go so far as to say we're famous for it. I hear Opili say that. What happens if the human suddenly leaves the dog? That's something Opili would never have thought of, I add gloomily in my mind. A momentary bad mood tries to take hold of me, but then Caroline rustles something in her pocket. Hmh, not just anything—I recognize the scent! It's sausage. She actually holds a piece under my nose. An Eschersbach dog never leaves its human. Never! Remember that, Carl-Leopold!

"Here, my darling. Let's start our first training session for walks with something enjoyable. I hope you like this."

I grab the sausage tip and jump up and down excitedly. Caroline should know that was definitely the right idea.

"That makes you happy, doesn't it? Maybe we'll skip leash training for now and instead visit Daniel. It's high time you met him. Around this time of day, he's probably hard at work and might appreciate a little distraction."

I would have loved to stay in the park with the leash. Even without it. Perhaps we would've even encountered another dog that I could've quizzed about the neighborhood. After all, one wants to know who they're dealing with. But if Daniel is so important... well, be it!

Caroline takes the same route back as we came, and I do my best to trot bravely behind her on the leash. Maybe I'll get another sausage piece if I give her a successful demonstration now. In fact, she turns around briefly towards me.

"Bravo, Herkules! You're learning quickly!" She praises me, unfortunately without reaching into her pocket again. That's okay; I'm not actually that hungry anyway.

Now we're back in front of our house. Does Daniel also live here? Caroline bends down and picks me up onto her arm.

"Time for the workshop!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Workshop? An interesting word. What could it possibly mean? We actually go into the house, but not up the stairs, but down four steps. Then Carolin opens the door - and we stand in a room that smells incredibly of wood. I snort in surprise. Do people also have forests where houses are located? And do foxes and rabbits still live there despite this? However, I don't see any trees at all. Strange.

I hear someone whistling from a corner of the workshop thing. Could it be Daniel? Carolin carries me towards the sound. We enter a room with two large windows through which the warm afternoon sun shines directly. Right behind the windows begins a meadow that looks very pretty. In front of the windows stands a large table, and behind the table is the man who can whistle so loudly. He holds an object in his hands that resembles a branch with long hair. When he sees us, he puts the object aside and stops whistling.

"Oh, hello! Did someone get lost to us? Or do we have visitors?"

Carolin shakes her head. "Neither: we have a new roommate. Let me introduce: Hercules - Daniel. Daniel - Hercules." With these words, she sets me down on the table next to the object.

"Please? Did you buy a dachshund?"

"A dachshund mix, yes."

I can't help but shake my head vigorously and growl in protest. The two look at me in surprise.

"Maybe he doesn't like men?" Daniel wants to know.

Carolin shrugs her shoulders and strokes me behind the ears to calm me down. "I don't hope so. At the animal shelter, they didn't mention anything about it, and I actually wanted to bring him with me to the workshop during the day."

Daniel smiles. "Well, maybe he's a proud little guy and doesn't like when you question his purebred status."

The two laugh, and Carolin takes me back into her arms.

What's so strange about that? Even though I don't know many people yet, one thing is clear: these bipeds are definitely less sensitive than we dogs. They clearly don't have a clue what's bothering us right now. All of a sudden, I get the feeling that living with such a person all the time might not always be fun. After all, Daniel was already on the right track. We'll practice the rest!

"May I hold him too?"

"Of course!" Carolin passes me over. Daniel has a firm but not unpleasant grip. He's only a bit taller than Carolin, and from up here, I can see that his bright hair wildly curls all over his head.

"Well, little guy? Don't you like me?" To clarify the opposite right away, I lick Daniel across the face with my tongue.

"So much for 'doesn't like men'," Carolin rejoices. "You're getting along with him just fine."

"That's good to know! Because if we spend our days together in threes from now on, anything else would be bad. A dachshund that constantly pinches me in the shins would have seriously disrupted our harmony."

Ah, I understand. Daniel is my lady's master. Probably, I also smelled him up in the apartment. I've heard before that people like to pair off and then stay together for a long time. I always found this strange. But when I see the two of them, it makes perfect sense. They seem so... familiar with each other. Almost like my Opili with the old Eschersbach. And they've been going hunting together for fifteen years. You can't get more of a pair than that. Do Carolin and Daniel also hunt together? Or do couples do something else in pairs?

"By the way, has Mrs. Brolin called again?" Carolin asks Daniel. "She wanted to come by today with a cello for an appraisal. It needs restoration if it's worth it."

Cello. What a beautiful word. So soft and yet somehow... fiery. What is that? And does it have anything to do with the object Daniel was holding earlier? Well, I'll find out, as of today, I'll be in this area more often.

"Yes, she called briefly and left the instrument here. It wasn't urgent for her. It's enough if you call her on Monday."

"Okay. To be honest, I'd like to take the rest of the day off and show Hercules his new home and surroundings. We've already tried a little walk in the park, but Hercules doesn't like his new leash." Maybe I'll practice a bit more with him right now.

"Go ahead, there's nothing urgent here anyway. At least not something I wouldn't manage without you." Daniel smiles again and passes me back to Carolin.

It's amazing what different facial expressions people can make. Of course, it's much easier when you don't have so many hairs around your eyes and nose. Right now, Daniel looked at Carolin as if he'd also like to lick her across the face.

But apparently, that's not something people do. At least, I've never seen them do it. By the way, they don't jump up and down either. Strange, right? But it feels so good when you're happy.

"Daniel?"

"Yes?"

"Is this okay with you about the dog?"

"Absolutely, don't worry."

"I mean, it was a pretty spontaneous idea, and I actually wanted to ask you first. But then I went to the animal shelter out of pure curiosity and fell in love with this little guy right away."

"He's really cute too. I can understand why you took him home immediately. Those big brown button eyes alone. By the way, I think it barely shows that he's a mix. He has floppy ears and relatively short legs - but a long back as well. So, if you ask me, he definitely comes from a real dachshund family, no other breeds are likely to be in him."

Daniel, you're my man! I'd love nothing more than to jump straight from Carolin's arm into Daniel and lick him all over again - his compliment feels amazing. I feel like I've suddenly grown by a whole paw length. Proudly, I start barking.

"It seems to make you very happy!" Carolin says, stroking my ears one more time. "Well, my sweetie, then I'll do my best to make sure you're comfortable here."

As I lie in my new basket at night, exhausted but happy. We spent an hour walking in the park and practicing with the leash. To do Carolin a favor, I usually trotted behind her, only occasionally, when I was sure I'd passed a rabbit hole, did I sit down and growl wildly. After all, I also have a reputation as a hunting dog to uphold. But with some convincing and a few slices of sausage, we managed a pretty big leash walk in the park. We even met a few other dogs, but I wasn't in the mood for talking. After all, there's always tomorrow.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Before I drift off to sleep, Carolin comes by one last time and tucks a soft blanket into my basket. She nuzzles me for a bit, then whispers in my ear: "You know, my sweetie, it's actually a shame I haven't gotten myself a dog yet. Here, it would be ideal for someone like you. During the day, you can come with me to the workshop or wander around our garden. And whenever I take a break or have some free time, we'll go for a walk here. How does that sound?" She wants to know, and finally - finally! - I get to lick her across the face. Carolin giggles, pets me one last time, and wishes me goodnight.

Wow, I've hit the jackpot: a nice lady, a nice guy—actually, a really beautiful family, just like at Schloss Eschersbach. Okay, there's no Emilia, and instead of fresh panse, Carolin had opened a can for our celebration dinner. But who cares? If that's what civilian life is like, I can get used to it. At least here things seem honest, and I haven't met anyone as cold-hearted as the old Eschersbach yet. Yes, the luck of the little people has something soothing about it. The nobility can do without me. Just thinking about that delicious sausage makes my eyes close.

THREE

I'd prefer to plug my ears or hide under the couch. Because what I'm experiencing right now gives me real chills. A man, a stranger I've never seen before, has just entered our apartment—or rather, Carolin's apartment—and started yelling immediately. I'm speechless. Who is this horrible guy? And where is Daniel? Won't he protect his lady? Maybe I should look for him quickly so he can help Carolin. But to do that, I'd have to pass by the yelling man, and frankly, I don't dare. Is it really a bad habit of mine to hate people who shout so loudly? My ears are truly remarkable. In my opinion, neither humans themselves nor their insufferable loud music should be allowed to reach such volumes. But that's just me.

In his aggressive manner, this man reminds me a lot of Bozo and Boxer. He's huge, way taller than Carolin. And his hair is as black as Bozo's fur. He makes the same haughty movements and has the same unrefined tone. Apparently, he's a proletarian through and through, just like Bozo-Boxer.

The man waves his arms wildly around and points—at me! Oh no!

"Did you buy a dog? I was on a business trip for three days, and when I came back, you had bought one?"

Bozo-Boxer's face turns bright red. Something tells me I don't really impress him as much as Daniel does. But that can wait. The most important thing is my master likes me. And hopefully, this will happen soon. Even with people's usually bad ears, this shouting can be heard in the workshop. Now Carolin bravely steps in front of the man. Obviously, she wants to defend me. A noble gesture, but it really doesn't help. If anyone needs defending here, it's my lady through her brave hunting dog—that's for sure! It does no good; I have to jump into the fray.

Just as I'm about to take off running with a daring leap to get a good bite position on a sensitive spot of this guy, the unbelievable happens: Carolin moves even closer to the nasty type and starts petting him.

"But, darling—we agreed that getting an animal was a good idea. And yesterday, I spontaneously went to the animal shelter. Please, don't be angry! Hercules is so cute!"

I must have misheard. As far as I know, these things are said between couples. For example, the gardener always tells Emilia everything is fine because they're a couple. So, does Carolin have two men? And one of them happens to be this proletarian? At least Carolin seems to have calmed him down; he's not shouting as loudly anymore. Darling?

Darling

"You and your spontaneous ideas! Buying a dog without asking me—what nonsense!"

"Well, I thought since you're often away and we have that big garden, Hercules can come with us to the workshop during the day. Daniel had no problem with it."

"Of course he wouldn't. He's the weakling in front of you. If you suggested they start selling strapless dresses at the store tomorrow, he'd say yes and amen."

"Come on, Thomas—stop picking on Daniel. He may not be as assertive as you, but I couldn't imagine a better partner than him."

Aha, the man's name is Thomas. And apparently, he knows Daniel. What an intriguing situation. Do people sometimes live in threes? It's said that dogs used to live in packs in ancient times. However, back then, one male would have several females. Perhaps it's different with humans—if there even are human packs—and each woman needs multiple men? There's still so much for a young dog like me to learn. That much is clear.

"Well, of course you wouldn't find a better partner," sneers Thomas. "There aren't many luthiers around. But just because your work colleague lets you have your way in the workshop doesn't mean I do."

Thomas laughs mockingly. Carolin starts to cry, and it becomes clear to me that Daniel and Carolin are not a couple—at least, not a romantic one. Instead, Carolin is, unthinkable as it may seem, Thomas's wife, and they only work together. That's how it has to be, I suppose. Oh, how dreadful.

I'm completely confused and no longer listening to what Thomas is saying. Instead, I frantically try to figure out why Carolin would choose Thomas. She couldn't have picked him willingly. How did this even happen? Is there some kind of institution that matches men and women? So to speak, a matchmaker? I always thought that was excluded in humans, as they're the ones with free will. But if I'm seeing this here, then it must work differently for humans. And—it's obvious—not well.

"Carolin, you're making things up. It just won't work between you and Thomas. Never has, never will."

"How do you know that? Just because I'm a psychologist doesn't mean I can see into the future."

"No, not because you're a psychologist. But because I'm your best friend Nina, who's been watching this whole mess for four years now."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
We sit, or rather Carolin and Nina are sitting, I'm lying in a café. Carolin came with me after the argument with Thomas. A short time later, Nina joined us. And since then it's been quite interesting because Carolin and Nina are talking about exactly what has been worrying me today: What does Carolin actually want from Thomas? Nina obviously doesn't like Thomas either. But unlike me, she doesn't judge him by his unpleasant smell or loud voice, but has listed many other reasons that I didn't fully understand. But anyway - in the end, Nina and I come to the same conclusion: He's just not right for her. Carolin, however, defends him bravely, while Nina continues to argue.

"I mean, honestly, Carolin: You've already bought a dog out of desperation. What's next?"

Hey! Does that mean me? I growl cautiously. Carolin leans down towards me.

"It's okay, Hercules. Nina doesn't mean it like that."

Nina rolls her eyes. I can see this clearly from my spot next to Carolin's chair. "Yes, I mean exactly what I say! What you're missing is a man who loves you just as much as you love him. A stupid little dachshund is definitely no replacement!"

Stupid little dachshund? Does she even know who she's talking to? It's clear she's not satisfied with just growling; I jump up and bark at Nina once energetically. She raises her eyebrows in surprise.

"Wow, it really seems like he understood me. Okay, I take back what I said about him not being a stupid dachshund. But the first part stands - you will never be happy with Thomas. Keep the dog but break up with him."

Exactly, that's what we'll do! I lie down again.

"Hercules is no substitute for love. It has nothing to do with Thomas. I've always wanted a dog."

"Nonsense. That was classic sublimation."

"Yes, yes, the psychologist knows exactly what she's talking about."

I'm not sure what that means, but it seems dangerous. Carolin has said this to Nina several times, and it sounded like Nina had a serious illness. At least kennel cough. Poor thing, she looks so healthy - rosy skin tone, big clear eyes, I bet her nose is cold too. And her brown hair shines. But if it is an illness, I hope Carolin doesn't catch it and become psychologically affected as well.

"So let's get to the point: You're not happy with Thomas and you never will be. Keep the dog but break up with him."

That's right, that's what we'll do! I wag my tail. Unfortunately, Carolin isn't as enthusiastic about this advice as I am - she starts crying.

"You don't understand. Thomas and I belong together. I know it for sure. Just the way we met was fate!"

Aha - fate! A mysterious word. Should that be the force that brings people together? And if so, how could fate have been so off with Carolin? I try to imagine fate in person. Maybe it looks like the old man from Escher's drawing. Strict. Intimidating. A little too proud. But if fate is indeed like the old man, then it might also be wrong sometimes. After all, he made a big mistake when judging me. Would he have brought me to the animal shelter otherwise?

Suddenly, I'm not so interested in Nina and Carolin's conversation. My thoughts drift back to my family: Mom, my sister Charlotte, and Emilia. How are they doing? For the first time since those exciting past three days, I feel a strange longing. Do they miss me? Or have they already stopped talking about me? Does Charlotte sleep well without me lying in her basket next to her? Oh, Charlotte, will I ever see you again?

"Hey, Hercules, what's wrong with you? Are you feeling okay?"

Apparently, I've started whining. Regardless, Carolin and Nina stop their conversation, and Carolin picks me up onto her lap. Surprised, I look directly into her eyes. Her eyes are completely red - people do cry easily, but obviously it doesn't agree with her. I lick her hands quickly. Does that mean... Carolin looks concerned.

"Hmm, what's wrong with him?"

Nina shrugs. "Maybe he's not happy with Thomas either? After all, Thomas would like to kick him out."

WUFF! What did she just say? Thomas wants to kick me out? So I'm going back to the animal shelter tomorrow? With Bozo and Boxer?

When we get home, I'm still quite worried. Will Carolin really bring me back? That would be terrible. Maybe I'll have to make amends with Thomas. I decide that when I see him next, I'll show my best dachshund side - even though it goes against my nature, because a von Escher's general doesn't usually crawl on his knees - but my last act of civil disobedience didn't exactly end well and ended up with a painful bite to my ear.

However, Thomas isn't home at the moment. Carolin doesn't call out for him either; she only briefly puts down her bag and then grabs the apartment key.

"We're going back to the workshop, Hercules." Then she opens the door, "Come on, sweetie!"

Nothing I'd rather do! I'm happy to see Daniel again and wag my tail behind Carolin as we walk down the stairs.

Upon arrival, however, I realize that while it still smells very woody, it's not necessarily Thomas' scent. Strange, where is he? While Carolin goes to one of the tables and tidies up a bit, I wander around looking for Daniel. I find out that the rooms here in the workshop are arranged quite similarly to Carolin's apartment: two adjoining ones on one side, a third behind them, then a long hallway, and at the back, another room. That one smells especially woody - and when I stick my nose inside, I see that entire piles of wood are stacked here. Oddly enough, there's nothing people don't collect.

"Hercules, where are you?," Carolin calls down the hall. I run out of the wooden room. "Well, what are you doing in the woodpile? It smells nice, doesn't it?" I lie down in front of Carolin's feet and she briefly pets me. "Or are you looking for Daniel?"

When I hear that name, I wag my tail. Carolin should know exactly who I consider a good master.

"Ah, so that's where the wind is blowing. Daniel is nice, right? But it's the weekend, and we usually don't work then. I also have a few things to take care of that have been left with me since your move in. Then we'll go for a walk, promised. You can look around in the garden as long as you like until I'm done, okay?"A good plan, because I have not yet inspected the garden. In general, apart from the apartment and workshop, the house is still completely unknown to me, and I am already looking forward to exploring it step by step. Carolin goes to one of the windows in the second room and opens it. Only now do I see that there are two steps leading up into the garden from there. I spring them quickly and sit down immediately in the grass. Wonderful - how ticklish it is on my belly! The sun is shining in my nose, and I have to sneeze. Carolin laughs.

"So, then enjoy yourself - I'm leaving the door open, so you can come in if you get bored."

No worries, Carolin, that definitely won't happen! I run off and sniff the massive tree standing on the side of the house. Hm, interesting. Obviously no dog has been here for a long time, because there is absolutely nothing marked on this trunk. I mark it right away and lift my leg. Often I haven't done this before, let alone on such a wide trunk, so the whole thing probably looks a bit amateurish. But that's fine, after all, I can practice this extensively in private here. Until I can do it as well as the adult males that I have secretly observed. They are so cool: they walk past a tree and just lift their leg - as if it were no big deal.

I try again on the other side; it's important to be able to do it with both legs, after all. Not so easy! Fortunately, no one is watching me.

"Well, little guy?" echoes a voice above me at that moment. "That looks pretty wobbly. You're not doing this for long, heh!"

Who on earth is that? I look up and see a thick, black cat in the tree crown. Oh no, what a disgrace! A secret observer and now just a cat!

"By the way, these are the garden and the tree - so I'm asking you to stop peeing here. It's disgusting and smells."

My...

With those words, the cat slowly climbs down the thick trunk and stands in front of me. For a cat, it is quite large. Especially, it is also fat. I growl at it.

"What? Is that supposed to be a proper greeting?" You dogs have no manners. You just come into my living room without knocking and don't even introduce yourself. But alright," the cat sighs, "let's start over: I am Mr. Beck."

Ah, a tomcat.

"I'm Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach. Pleased to meet you, Mr. Beck. Finally, I don't want anyone telling me I don't know what's appropriate."

The cat chuckles. "Carl-Leopold? That's strange, I just heard Carolin calling you Hercules. And >von Eschersbach< sounds a bit pretentious."

What an insult! I would love to bite this fat creature right in the heel - but from experience with palace cats, I know that it can be quite painful for a small dog like me. These creatures are really fast and have very sharp claws. Although I'm seething inwardly, I try to keep my cool.

"A wonderful woman like Carolin can call me as she pleases. But not you, an ordinary cat like you. By the way, this is no living room, but my new garden. So I'm asking you in the future not to climb onto my also new tree. You're damaging it with your claws."

The cat's tail starts twitching. Unfortunately, not because Mr. Beck is shaking out of fear, but because he bursts into hysterical laughter.

"Fantastic - you were just missing! I was getting a bit bored - but with a clown like you, this summer will definitely be very entertaining."

Mr. Beck starts laughing on the floor. It's obvious that he's having a great time. As for me, I could pull out my tail hairs. No one takes me seriously. Slowly, Mr. Beck calms down, stands up and gives himself a quick shake.

"Now seriously, little guy - what do you think you are?"

I want to say something in response when Mr. Beck's paw zips by my nose, just millimeters away. "Wrong question! Don't even start with that noble talk again."

I growl. Mr. Beck should not think he can insult me here without consequences - claws aside. Unfortunately, he completely ignores this and continues unperturbed: "I've been living here for a while as the only animal in this house, if you exclude the stupid parakeet on the second floor. And just because you were brought here by that quite charming Carolin, you don't think I'll give up my territory. This was garden, it is garden, and it will always be garden! So be happy when you get to bask in the sun here from time to time and stay away from the tree. Understood?"

With those words, he turns around and apparently wants to leave me standing there. That's enough for me. I take a running leap forward and grab Mr. Beck's tail. Actually, with the intention of making it just as narrow an escape as his previous claw strike. Unfortunately, at that very moment, he lowers his tail tip towards my teeth - and before I know it, I bite right into it. Ouch. That was definitely a little bit painful. Maybe even a lot. But not on purpose!

Mr. Beck roars angrily and tries to get revenge, but I take off. Being cat-whipped on day two is certainly not part of my successful debut plan. Before he catches me, I leap through the still open workshop window.

I almost land on Carolin's feet, who looks at me in surprise.

"What are you doing there, Hercules? Flying tricks?" She looks out the window and sees Mr. Beck, who manages to make a full stop just in time. "Did you have an argument with the cat?"

I try to look as innocent as possible and wag my tail.

"So really, Hercules! Mr. Beck is a quite nice older gentleman. Plus, his owner always waters my flowers when I'm not around. So you need to behave a bit."

How embarrassing! She knows the cat better. I pretend to be interested in something very interesting on the ground. However, I can't help but think that Carolin's taste in both men and cats is far from exquisite. After this impossible Thomas, here comes Mr. Beck - it's almost a miracle she didn't take Bozo from the animal shelter instead of me.

Thinking about Thomas reminds me that I still need to make a good impression on him today. He shouldn't even think about bringing me back. Besides, I have enough enemies in my immediate vicinity, and Mr. Beck is no longer needed for friendship at the moment. I resolve to seize the first opportunity to bond with Thomas by the scruff of his neck.

That's exactly what I'll do, Opili. Boldly and fearlessly. A von Eschersbach doesn't hesitate - he acts when the opportunity arises, boldly and fearlessly.

FOUR
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Suddenly the opportunity to bond with Thomas comes earlier than expected. A night later I'm in my basket, tossing and turning, too many thoughts racing through my head: Thomas, the small incident with Mr Beck, the conversation between Carolin and Nina, even Fritz, the Münsterlander from the shelter... Unsettled, I twist and turn.

I hear a sound. It's a murmuring... or rather a whimpering? I struggle to sit up, climb out of my basket, and bound out of the living room towards the hallway. Here I can hear the sound even better. It is indeed a whimpering, coming from Thomas' bedroom! Horror - isn't Carolin doing alright? The door is only slightly ajar, so I can slip in quietly. Unfortunately it's pitch black, I can see nothing.

And again the sound. The whimpering has now turned into a groan. To my great relief, though, it's clearly Thomas who's not feeling well. My first thought: Carolin must be fine. My second thought: Here she is, my chance! Now for bold and fearless action. Because it's obvious that Thomas is lying in bed, writhing in pain. Carolin appears to be asleep - or at least she doesn't seem to hear him, because if she did, she'd help him. I'll make sure she wakes up so Thomas doesn't have to suffer any longer. Then he'll realize what a great dog I am and how lucky Carolin was to bring me along.

With a bold and fearless leap, I dive into the bed right next to groaning Thomas. It's truly remarkable that Carolin didn't hear him; she lies more or less on top of him. As I mentioned before: humans have really bad hearing. But don't worry, Thomas, you've got a new loyal friend now. In his pain, he writhes around, face down. I lick his neck quickly, letting him know help is nearby. He shivers. Then I start barking as loudly as possible. After all, Carolin needs to wake up finally.

The next thing I remember is flying across the room and landing very roughly beside the door. Suddenly it gets bright. Thomas - miraculously healed - stands over me, gazing at me with a scowl.

"You piece of shit! What were you thinking? I'll put you down!"

He swings at me, wanting to hit me? I try to duck. But where? In panic, I start yapping. Help - what's going on here?

Suddenly Carolin appears behind Thomas. She woke up from all the noise. She grabs Thomas by the shoulder and pulls him back.

"Subdue yourself, Hercules! He didn't intentionally disturb us. "

Thomas turns around. "Please? The dog jumps into our bed while I'm right in the middle of things, and you defend it? To that stupid creature, I'll show what I think of his little stunt."

"Thomas!" Carolin exclaims sharply. "You leave Hercules alone immediately! Now!"

She bends down to me and picks me up. By now I'm shaking like a leaf. This is just too much for my delicate nervous system. And, frankly, I can't make head or tail of anything: Why should Thomas be so grateful that I noticed his critical condition? Instead, he seriously considered beating me up! And my Dackelpo hurts from the kick he gave me in bed. I start whining. Never have I been treated so unfairly. Against this psychopath, even old Escherbach would seem like a model of kindness!

"You're shivering so hard!" Carolin presses against me and buries her face in my neck. "Don't worry, I'm here with you. I'll take care of you."

Thomas snorts disdainfully. "So, Carolin, now you have an erotic relationship with a dog? You don't seem to mind the interruption at all. Maybe it was even right for you. Now you don't have to say you have a headache anymore."

Hold on: Thomas groans, and Carolin has a headache? What interruption? I struggle mightily but can't make any sense of it. One thing is clear, though: My attempt to win over Thomas has failed miserably. And I don't even know why. Can I take my new chew toy with me to the shelter? Besides, it doesn't matter; Bozo and Boxer will probably take it away from me anyway.

I spend the rest of the night in my basket. Although I'm exhausted, I can't sleep after all this chaos. Occasionally I raise an ear and listen into the darkness. Complete silence. But even if I heard another sound, I wouldn't go near a room with Thomas in it again.

The sun shines through the workshop windows, creating inviting patches on the old wooden floor, calling me to rest... This morning, the last night still feels heavy on my mind. I hesitate between lying down in Carolin's room or settling by the table where Daniel is working. "Come on, Carl-Leopold, lie down next to me and take a rest!"

Finally, I lie down next to Daniel. I feel small and scared that Carolin might also blame me for what happened. It's not entirely clear to me how I messed up, but it's embarrassing that she had to defend me against Thomas again.

"So, how was your weekend? How do you like your new dog?" Daniel asks Carolin.

I tuck my ears down and lower my head between my paws. The story that's about to come doesn't sound good at all.

"You - great! Thomas is really excited about the little guy. You know, he loves animals."

Huh? Was there something in his food this morning? Obviously I'm hallucinating.

"Really? No, I didn't know that. But it's even better then, they'll definitely get along. They could go for walks together or do survival training or whatnot - the usual stuff you do with your dog."

Do I imagine things, or is there a hint of irony in Daniel's words? That's something a dog struggles to understand - humans often use the same words but mean completely different things. I remember when von Eschersbach said that after I jumped onto the sofa in the living room, and then he hit me with his walking stick on my hind legs. I couldn't calm down for two hours until Mom explained that people often say the opposite of what they mean to make it clear that they don't actually mean it. Crazy, right? There must be some very impractical and unnecessary twists in a human's mind. It's obviously not good for their brain... "Fine dog, good idea!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
In this context, it's also interesting to question how Carolin came to tell such a story? Why won't she admit that our start into a shared future was a total failure? Is perhaps animal love something that increases the value of a man? Just as ferocity, drive and shooting accuracy distinguish an exceptional hunting dog? I know a lot about exceptional hunting dogs: Mom was three times in the final of the Federal Championship, the shelves at Schloss Eschersbach are bending under her trophies, and she never got a score worse than "Excellent 1", or short V1. So if animal love is basically catalogued, and Carolin wants to demonstrate that Thomas is a candidate for V1, then her story makes sense. But on the other hand, even a small dog like me sees at first glance that Thomas would get at best a "Satisfactory," even with animal love. If it actually existed.

Back to the topic of irony: honestly, I hope Daniel didn't mean it that way. Because the combination of words "with" and "waken" evoke in me entirely different associations than those of a great friendship between man and dog. Instead, I see Thomas in my mind's eye lifting me over a rocky ledge into a very deep abyss or tying me to a tree in a lonely forest and simply leaving. Then again, perhaps back to the animal shelter. Maybe I can found a dog-sharing with Fritz, who unfortunately is still there, and we'll get our own little kennel? If I had my way, even next to the cat enclosure - looking back, I actually find it quite funny that I bit Beck's tail.

Thomas alone

Survival training

"So Daniel, you don't have to laugh about it. I really believe Hercules and Thomas will become good friends."

Ah - thank God! So indeed irony. No dangerous solo ventures with Thomas.

"I'm not laughing. I just doubt that your dear Thomas will soon be jogging through the park with a cute guy like Hercules. It goes too much against his carefully cultivated image as a tough guy."

"What's wrong with Thomas?"

"Nothing at all. I sometimes wonder what he has against me."

Carolin laughs loudly. Sounds quite unnatural.

"Please, Thomas has nothing against you. On the contrary, he finds you very nice."

Carolins usually warm voice has a tinny tone. Does Daniel hear that too? He sighs.

"Sure, sure."

"You're just very different. But that doesn't mean you can't be friends."

After that, Daniel says nothing more but takes a deep breath. Apparently, he doesn't want to talk about this topic with Carolin. A pity, I would have liked to know more of his opinion about Thomas. Maybe I have an ally in him? That would be nice, because by now I could use another friend in this house.

At lunchtime, Carolin briefly takes me into the apartment to give me my meal. She has indeed bought a book about dogs - I saw it on the sofa in the living room - and maybe as the first chapter she read the one about healthy nutrition. In any case, she is now off canned food and brought fresh heart for me on our walk this morning. As she cooks it, a tempting aroma spreads throughout the apartment. Delicious! A very pleasant development.

"Okay, little guy, that needs to cool down a bit, then you'll get it. Let's wait five more minutes, I need to make a quick phone call anyway, then I'll give it to you."

She puts my bowl with the heart pieces in the fridge and goes into the room next to the living room. I stand around uncertainly for a while, then trot into the hallway. While I'm wondering what to do until lunch, I see that the bedroom door is open again. For two days, I've made a big detour around this room, but now my curiosity wins out. Maybe I'll find something there that explains what happened during the terrifying night of last week? Although I don't know what it could be, at least I want to take another look in the light. From the other corner of the apartment, I hear Carolin talking with this black plastic thing. Based on everything I now know about people in general and women in particular, that's a sure sign she's completely distracted right now. It was the same with Emilia. You could steal the most amazing things from the kitchen while she was on the phone.

I cautiously push my nose through the door crack. Indeed, the air is clean. In a flash, I'm inside. At first glance, it looks entirely unremarkable. But as they say, it's the second look that makes things interesting. Better said, the moment when a dog precisely sniffs around. And that's why I decide to conduct a thorough sniffing inspection of everything here.

I start with the bed: Everything is the same as usual. To the right, it smells like Carolin, to the left more like Thomas. Well, what did I expect? That's just how they sleep. I'm about to jump down again when I notice a hint of another scent. Not directly on the sheets, but rather underneath, on the mattress. I pull the sheets apart and sniff more closely. Strange. While Carolin's side has that fantastic Carolin smell and Thomas' side smells unsympathetically from his bed, there's a third scent hanging over this bed. It's... hmm... I'm not sure... somehow... no, or maybe yes... it's hard to say! So I sniff around the entire bed again.

At that moment, the bedroom door swings open. "Herkules, no! What are you doing in our bed again?"

Carolin stands in front of me, wagging her index finger disapprovingly. Ashamed, I look down. How am I supposed to explain what I'm looking for? I don't even know myself. I just know that I've discovered something very strange.

"Dogs don't belong in the bed, Herkules. You have a very comfortable crate, and please stay there when you want to sleep. You can sit with me on the sofa, but not in the bed. Thomas was really angry with you earlier, and I promised him I'd teach you better. I want you two to become friends. And that's not going to happen like this!"

Now Carolin looks really sad. Ugh. I tuck my ears down and jump off the bed. It was a bad idea to go into the bedroom. And I'm not any smarter now.

"Don't look so sad. Every dog has to learn something new sometimes. And now come - your meal is probably ready."

Of course, I don't let that stop me and immediately rush to the kitchen. Carolin takes the bowl out of the fridge, stirs it once, and sets it in front of my nose. Mmm, delicious. A proper portion of heart, and the biggest problem is quickly forgotten.