Frauke Scheunemann

Dackelblick

Roman

 TUX - ebook 2010

DACKELBLICK

Wer nie einen Hund gehabt hat, weiß nicht, was Lieben und Geliebt werden bedeutet.

Arthur Schopenhauer

Die genauste Vorstellung von der Machtlosigkeit des Menschen haben zweifellos Gott und der Dackel.

George Mikes

Ich würde eher auf einen Mann verzichten als auf meinen Dackel Felix.

Ingrid Steeger

EINS

Was für eine Absteige! Gut, ich hatte gewusst, dass es nicht das Grand Elysée sein würde. Aber diese Unterkunft ist wirklich das Letzte. Eine Zumutung. Muffig und dunkel. Und dreckig. Ich gebe mir Mühe, mich nicht genauer umzuschauen, aber der Schmutz meiner Vorgänger ist unübersehbar. Es ist offensichtlich, dass hier schon ziemlich lange nicht mehr saubergemacht wurde. Mir ist zum Heulen zumute - wie konnte ich nur in eine solche Lage geraten? Heute Morgen noch im Salon von Schloss Eschersbach, und jetzt das. Nun fange ich wirklich an zu heulen.

"Schnauze, du nervst!", kommt es keine zwei Sekunden später von links.

Richtig: Das Schlimmste hatte ich noch nicht erwähnt: meine Zimmernachbarn. Fünf an der Zahl, die meisten von ihnen unglaublich verwahrlost. Und das nicht nur optisch. Ungebildeter Pöbel, der in einem Adligen wie mir natürlich gleich ein willkommenes Opfer ausgemacht hat. Mein Stammbaum reicht bis 1723, diese Ignoranten neben mir kennen vermutlich nicht einmal den Unterschied zwischen Markgraf und Markklößchen.

Vor meinem inneren Auge taucht mein Großvater auf. pflegte er zu sagen. Ach Opili, wenn du mich jetzt sehen könntest - ich bin definitiv ganz unten angelangt. Bei diesem Gedanken heule ich noch lauter. Irgendjemand muss mich hier einfach rausholen!"Wo ein von Eschersbach ist, ist oben. Vergiss das nie!"

"Komm, Süßer, beruhige dich.", sagt eine Hand und krault mir hinter den Ohren. "Gleich gibt es ein leckeres Fresschen, und dann sieht die Welt ganz anders aus. Der erste Tag ist für alle schlimm."

Hm, eine nette Stimme. Interessiert gucke ich zur Seite, um festzustellen, zu wem sie gehört: Neben dem Zwinger steht eine junge Frau in einer Latzhose und lächelt mich aufmunternd an. Ihre Hand riecht nach gewöhnlichem Dosenfutter, trotzdem hat die Berührung etwas Tröstliches. Ich schlecke ihre Finger ab, sie beginnt zu kichern.

"Ja, ja, das schmeckt dir, nicht wahr?", flüstert sie mir zu.

O je, wenn die wüsste - an meinen verwöhnten Dackelgaumen habe ich bisher eigentlich nur frisches Herz und Pansen gelassen. Fertigfutter war die absolute Ausnahme, das gab es wirklich nur, wenn Emilia, unsere Köchin, krank war oder Urlaub hatte. Bei dem Gedanken an Emilia krampft sich mein kleines Herz zusammen, und ich muss ein bisschen winseln. Als ich mich heute Morgen von ihr verabschiedet habe, hat sie geweint. Weiß der Teufel, wie Menschen das immer hinbekommen. Aber zum ersten Mal in meinem Leben hätte ich viel dafür gegeben, auch ein paar Tränen vergießen zu können.

"Du Armer, noch so schlimm?", fragt die Pflegerin mitfühlend. "Mach dir keine Sorgen, du bist so süß, wir finden bestimmt bald ein neues Frauchen oder Herrchen für dich. Versprochen!" Dann streicht sie mir noch einmal über den Kopf und zieht ihre Hand durch das Gitter.

Ich drehe mich um und trotte in die andere Ecke des Zwingers. Dort wirft ein Sonnenstrahl noch ein einladend helles Fleckchen auf den Boden, und ich beschließe, es mir ein bisschen gemütlich zu machen.

Offenbar bin ich nicht der Einzige, der auf diese Idee gekommen ist: Bevor ich mich hinlegen kann, tritt mir ein riesiges schwarzes Irgendwas direkt auf die Pfoten.

"Kleiner, ich glaube, du verziehst dich besser auf die andere Seite. Hier ist mein Platz.", sagt es mit heiserem Knurren.

Was für eine lächerliche Töle! Meint die ernsthaft, sie könne mich in die Flucht schlagen? Mich, dessen Ahnen noch mit dem letzten Kaiser zur Jagd gegangen sind? Ich schüttle den Kopf.

"Ich glaube nicht", entgegne ich so würdevoll, wie es mir unter diesen widrigen Umständen möglich ist, "dass in diesem Etablissement mit Reservierungen gearbeitet wird. Ich war vor Ihnen da, also werde ich mich auch auf diesen Platz legen. Sie gestatten?" Mit diesen Worten schiebe ich Mr. Irgendwas zur Seite und lege mich schnell hin. Er starrt mich völlig fassungslos an. So viel zivilen Widerstand hat er wohl noch nie erlebt. Zufrieden räkle ich mich. Opili hatte doch Recht - ein von Eschersbach ist eben auch oben, wenn er unten ist.

Während ich noch darüber sinniere, wann hier wohl mit der zweifelsohne eher bescheidenen Mahlzeit zu rechnen ist, verfinstert sich mein sonniges Fleckchen. Nanu, eine Wölke? Ich blicke nach oben, um festzustellen, was in aller Welt hier auf einmal diesen unerfreulichen Schatten wirft - und schaue direkt in das Gesicht eines ziemlich ungemütlich aussehenden Boxers. Er schiebt seine Nase ganz dicht an meine und verströmt dabei einen Geruch, dass es mir regelrecht den Atem verschlägt.

"Pass auf, du aufgeblasener Zwerg: Wenn du nicht neu wärst, wärst du jetzt ein toter Hund. Hier gelten unsere Regeln, besser du hältst dich daran. Also wenn mein Freund Bozo sagt, dass du dich verpissen sollst, dann...", er kommt noch ein bisschen näher und schnappt blitzschnell nach mir.

Aua! Ein stechender Schmerz fährt durch mein rechtes Ohr. Hilfe! Der ist ja gemeingefährlich! Ich belle aufgeregt - offensichtlich bin ich unter militante und gewaltbereite Straßenköter geraten. Aber sosehr ich auch belle - niemand kommt. Nicht einmal die junge Frau in der Latzhose. Boxer und Bozo grinsen selbstzufrieden.

"Spar dir die Mühe. Die hört dich momentan nicht - ist zu den Katzen rübergegangen. Wir könnten dich jetzt richtig plattmachen, und niemand würde dir helfen. Ein toter Hund mehr in der Statistik dieser Bude. Wen interessiert das schon?"

Ich merke, wie sich meine Nackenhaare sträuben und es mir eiskalt den Rücken herunterläuft. Bozo, die schwarze Töle, baut sich wieder vor mir auf.

"Also, was ist jetzt? Wenn ich sage verpiss dich?"

"Dann verpisse ich mich?", ergänze ich seinen Satz.

"Richtig. Hundert Punkte. Braves Hundchen."

Bozo verpasst meiner empfindlichen Nase noch einen kräftigen Stüber mit seiner ungepflegten Pfote. Erschreckt springe ich zur Seite und laufe auf zittrigen Beinen in die andere Ecke des Zwingers. Dort sitzen noch zwei andere Hunde, die das Geschehen gelangweilt beobachtet haben. Mord und Totschlag scheinen hier an der Tagesordnung zu sein, jedenfalls interessiert sich niemand dafür, dass ich gerade Opfer eines Verbrechens geworden bin. Ein älterer Münsterländer rückt ein Stück zur Seite, als ich mich neben ihn setze. Immerhin nicht gleich der Nächste, der mich bedroht. Eine Weile hocken wir schweigend nebeneinander. Dann rückt er ein Stück näher und flüstert: "So gut es eben geht, haha. Ich heiße übrigens Fritz."

Ich sage erst einmal nichts. Unter den gegebenen Umständen habe ich wirklich keine Lust, mich zu unterhalten. Stattdessen lege ich den Kopf auf meine Pfoten und sehe Bozo und dem Boxer zu, wie sie sich auf Sonnenfleckchen fläzen. Wahrscheinlich machen sie sich gerade über mich lustig. Eigentlich bin ich sehr gerne ein Dackel, aber in diesem Moment wäre ich viel lieber ein Kampfhund. Staffordshire, Pitbull oder irgendetwas anderes in Richtung meinem Lizenz zum Töten.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Don't be sad," Fritz pats me on the side, "the nurse just said that you're such a real person type, someone will take you out of here soon. And then you'll show those two idiots over there the middle finger, because no one wants them."

I look at Fritz thoughtfully. Hopefully he's right.

The next morning I feel like a rag doll. I barely slept—and when my eyes finally closed for five minutes, I had horrible nightmares. Of boxers and pit bulls chasing me through the kennel, and vast amounts of canned food that tasted absolutely disgusting. Tired, I hobble to Fritz, who's wagging his tail at the cage door.

"Morning," I ask him, "why are you so awake and in such a good mood?"

"Well, today is visitor day," he replies. "And if someone actually comes looking for a dog, I want to make a good impression. I'm not exactly young anymore, so it's all the more important to seem dynamic and cheerful." You'll see, people like that kind of thing.

Is he right? Honestly, I have no desire to put on the trained dachshund act. But the thought of settling in for a longer stay here is terrifying. So I stand next to Fritz and wag my tail unmotively back and forth. And would people really fall for such a cheap trick? Unbelievable.

"By the way, what's your name?" Fritz asks.

"Carl-Leopold," I reply brusquely.

"Carl-Leopold? That's a weird name for a dog."

"I don't think so. It depends on which stable you come from." A snob! What does he know about pretty names? "I'm from Eschersbach," I proudly add.

"Eschersbach? Doesn't ring a bell" Fritz grumbles, continuing to wag his tail.

I sigh. Truly a snob. Although he is nice, he's still a snob. Just as I'm about to start introducing Fritz to the basics of my family history, a door slams open next to our kennel. My whole body is electrified at once. Not because of the noise—after all, this facility has such a high noise level that a dachshund's delicate ears should fall off. No, it's more a completely indescribable smell wafting straight up my nose. Even Fritz seems to have caught a whiff, stopping his silly wagging and pressing his snout through the bars instead.

"Do you smell that too?" I ask him. He nods. "Amazing, right?"

"Yeah, crazy!" we agree.

"It's the most beautiful scent I've ever smelled on a person," I conclude.

That this scent belongs to a person is clear. Every dog can pick it up immediately. But who exactly is this person with such a great smell? Not some crude meat-wurst or chocolate cookie kind of smell. No, more like... let me think... oh yes—a beautiful summer day. A happy summer day. Lots of flowers, a hint of strawberries, and a touch of peppermint. Fantastic.

"Probably we'll be disappointed when we see the person," Fritz says matter-of-factly.

"Really?" I want to know. "I haven't actually noticed any connection there. I can't judge."

"Oh yes, definitely," he insists.

We both look towards the door. And there she comes, followed by her overalls. Fritz was completely wrong. Because for a person, she's gorgeous, like an angel. She chats with the other woman and laughs while doing so. Her eyes laugh too—which looks especially beautiful and is quite rare among people. Most of the time, they just furrow their brows when they laugh. Which is a shame. So if I could laugh, I'd make my eyes do it too. It definitely looks better that way.

"Hmm, so you want a smaller dog? And preferably a younger one?" The angel nods.

Fritz hangs his head immediately. He knows what that means: no lady for him again. Because Münsterlanders aren't small—and Fritz isn't young anymore. He lowers his head. "Good luck!" he whispers to me, then trots past me. Of course I feel sorry for him—but maybe this is really my chance? I try Fritz's tactic again, wagging my tail excitedly and trying to bark as cheerfully as possible. In fact, the two women are now walking straight towards me.

"This is our junior," she says, "just got him. About six months old."

She reaches through the bars, and I lick her hand right away. Well, if that doesn't make a good impression, I don't know what does. The angel bends down to my level.

"Well, you're a cutie pie! Such a sweet guy!" I jump up and down excitedly.

"Yes, he's a real beauty. A dachshund mix."

Ouch. Mix. Ugh. That stings. I immediately stop acting like an excited dog. Not that it wouldn't be true—on the contrary. Miss Overalls is right. And she brings my shame to light: I'm a mutt. The result of Mom's affair with a very dashing terrier. Precisely why I'm here. Because although I'm Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach, I'm not a purebred dachshund—not suitable for hunting and certainly not for breeding. That's what the old lord of Eschersbach said before he put me in a box and drove me here. Emilia cried, but she already had my sister, and two dogs were too much for her.

Apparently I started whining because now the angel reaches through the bars and pets me.

"Oh, poor thing, what's wrong? Are you sad?"

How embarrassing. An Eschersbach doesn't cry! And then not in front of such a beautiful woman! Heaven forbid where this is going to end! But obviously that was just what I needed because now the angel stands up, points at me and says: "I want him. Absolutely. Can I take him right away?"

Overalls nods. "Come on in, then we'll take care of the formalities. He's had all his shots; he comes from a very careful breeder. A little accident on the job, so to speak."

She chuckles at her own joke. And I would love nothing more than to give her a good lick across the face. But I don't—otherwise I might have to stay here.

Twenty minutes later, I'm safely tucked away in a box on the backseat of Carolyn's car. Carolyn—that's what I've learned is my angel's name. It's a beautiful name. So noble. Of course, Carolyn probably comes from a noble family. That kind of thing is obvious to a dog like me. Carolyn herself is in good spirits. She whistles a tune and occasionally checks the rearview mirror to see how I'm doing.

"Well, my sweetie, now you'll get to meet your new home," she says. "I'm very curious to see what you think."

And I am too! Will it be as nice as Schloss Eschersbach? With a big park? And lots of rabbit hutches? The car slows down and finally comes to a stop. Carolyn opens the door and pulls out the box. Now I have strawberries and mint right in front of my nose, and I'd love nothing more than to lick Carolyn from head to toe. But I have to be patient; I still need to get out of this swinging box.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
My surroundings grow darker and the swaying intensifies. Caroline carries me up a flight of stairs. I try to sniff out my new home through the bars of my box with my nose. In any case, it seems to be a place where different people and animals live. At least one cat is discernible right away.

Caroline sets down the box, and I hear her unlock a door. She pushes the box further with her foot, then fiddles with the lid, opens it, and carefully lifts me out.

"Voilà! This will be your new home from now on. Take a good look around, little guy."

At first, I see nothing—it's so bright in here. I blink cautiously and try to adjust to the light. Faintly, I recognize that we are likely standing in a human living room. In front of the window sits a large couch, which looks like a tiny dachshund could very comfortably take a nap on it. Is Caroline allowed to do that? After all, it was strictly forbidden at Schloss Eschersbach. Which naturally led my sister and me to jump up onto the sofa in the salon. Just because it was so hilariously absurd when the old lord of the manor, despite his cane, shot towards us like a greased lightning bolt and wildly waved his stick around to shoo us away.

I dash toward the sofa and sniff its lining. Hm, strawberries and mint as well? But something else too. No animal. More like a human. I immerse myself deeply into the scent. Hm, not only do I have a new mom, but also a dad? This certainly isn't a woman's scent. While I'm still pondering this, Caroline lifts me up and sets me down on the sofa—right next to her. Enthusiastically, I lick her hands—this woman clearly knows what dachshunds love. She laughs and pulls her hands away. Then she looks at me thoughtfully.

"So, little guy, I've taken care of everything for you: a crate, leash, food bowl, food. The only thing left is... " I shake my head; in my opinion, this sounds pretty complete. "You need a nice name."

I squeak surprised—I already have a name! Or did Caroline just drop me off at the shelter without telling me anything about myself? Such heartlessness!

Apparently sensing my indignation, Caroline lifts me onto her lap, and we lock eyes.

"Hm, well then, how should such a little guy like you be named? What do you look like?"

I try to puff out my chest and appear as dignified as possible. Maybe she'll come up with "Carl-Leopold" on her own. To emphasize this appearance, I bell majestically twice. Come on, Caroline, think hard!

"In any case, you're not an ordinary dog—you definitely have character."

Yes! Exactly! She's got it! With a regal toss of my head, I announce, "I'm Herkules!"

What? HERKULES? A Greek god instead of old nobility?

TWO

Herkules! Okay, Caroline may not have the best taste when it comes to dachshund names, and I'll need some time to get used to this strange new name. However, she does have a knack for finding the right neighborhoods. In fact, the house I'm now living in seems almost as big as Schloss Eschersbach. My suspicion that Caroline comes from good stock is confirmed. The neighbors don't exactly live in modest cottages either. Right behind our house begins a park. I'm not sure, however, if it belongs to Caroline alone because it's enormous. When we take a short walk there, I can't even see where the park ends—fantastic!

And it's not just big; adventure awaits within it as well. After just a few steps, I sense rabbits and squirrels. Immediately, I want to run off, but then a sharp tug on my neck reminds me that Caroline has something for me that is completely unfamiliar: a kind of rope attached to my collar. Ouch! What's this for? I turn around, take the thing in my teeth, and tug a bit on it. Caroline kneels down next to me.

"Well, Herkules? Don't you like your new leash? Or have you never gone for a walk like this?" She seems unsure if a small dog like me can actually do this. Walking on a leash, I mean. But unfortunately, there's a leash law here, and she can't just let me roam freely.

At the mention of "leash law," I bite down harder on the rope. I don't exactly know what that means, but it definitely sounds like something aimed against dogs.

"Pish posh!" Caroline says and then gently strokes my head. I let go of the leash and look at her.

"I guess I'll need to buy a dog training book or perhaps book some hours with a dog trainer? After all, you're my very first dog ever. But yesterday, I suddenly felt like it would be nice to have such a friendly, loyal companion around."

Okay, the training part is obviously unnecessary nonsense, and I hope Caroline comes up with something on her own. But the friendly, loyal nature definitely suits me—and all dachshunds from Eschersbach. I'd even go so far as to say we're famous for it, Opili says in thought. What happens if the human suddenly leaves the dog? That's something Opili certainly wouldn't have thought of, I add darkly in my mind. A momentary bad mood threatens to take over, but then Caroline rummages in her pocket. Hmh, not just anything—I recognize this scent! It's sausage meat. She actually holds a piece under my nose.

A dachshund from Eschersbach never leaves its human. Never! Remember that, Carl-Leopold!

"Here you go, my darling. Let's start our first training session with something enjoyable. I hope you like this."

I grab the sausage tip and jump up and down excitedly. Caroline should know this is definitely the right idea.

"That makes you happy, doesn't it? Maybe we'll skip leash training for now and instead visit Daniel. It's high time you met him. Around this time of day, he's likely hard at work, and maybe a little break would do him good."

I'd have liked to stay in the park a bit longer—even with a leash. Perhaps we would've encountered another dog for me to ask about the neighborhood. After all, one wants to know who they're dealing with. But if Daniel is important... well, then!

Caroline takes the same route back that we came from, and I do my best to trot bravely behind her. Maybe I'll get a piece of sausage as a reward for giving her a successful training moment. In fact, she does turn around briefly in my direction.

"Good boy, Herkules! You're learning quickly!" She praises me—unfortunately, without reaching into her pocket again. That's fine; I'm not actually hungry anyway.

We're back in front of our house now. Does Daniel also live here? Caroline bends down and picks me up onto her arm.

"Time for the workshop!"Workshop? An interesting word. What could it possibly mean? We actually go into the house, but not up the stairs, but down four steps. Then Carolin opens the door - and we stand in a room that smells incredibly of wood. I snort in surprise. Do people also have forests where houses are located? And do foxes and rabbits still live there despite this? However, I don't see any trees at all. Strange.

I hear someone whistling from a corner of the workshop thing. Could it be Daniel? Carolin carries me towards the sound. We enter a room with two large windows through which the warm afternoon sun shines. Right behind the windows begins a meadow that looks very pretty. In front of the windows stands a big table, and behind the table is the person who can whistle so loudly. He holds a long thing in his hands that looks like a branch with long hair. When he sees us, he puts the thing aside and stops whistling.

"Oh, hello! Have you lost someone? Or do we have visitors?"

Carolin shakes her head. "Neither: We have a new roommate. Let me introduce: Hercules - Daniel. Daniel - Hercules." With these words, she sets me down on the table next to the thing.

"Wait a minute, did you buy a dachshund?"

"A dachshund mix, yes."

I can't help but shake my head vigorously and snarl in protest. The two look at me in surprise.

"Maybe he doesn't like men?" Daniel wants to know.

Carolin shrugs her shoulders and strokes me soothingly behind the ears. "I don't hope so. At the animal shelter, they didn't mention anything about it, and I actually wanted to bring him with me to the workshop during the day."

Daniel smiles. "Well, maybe he's a proud little guy and doesn't like when you question his purity."

The two laugh, and Carolin takes me back into her arms.

What's so strange about that? Even though I don't know many people yet, one thing is clear: these bipeds are definitely less sensitive than we dogs. They clearly don't have a clue what's bothering us at the moment. Suddenly, I get the feeling that living constantly with someone like this might not always be fun. After all, Daniel was already on the right track. We'll figure out the rest!

"Can I hold him too?"

"Of course!" Carolin passes me over. Daniel has a firm but not unpleasant grip. He's just a little taller than Carolin, and from up here I can see that his bright hair is wildly curly all over his head.

"Well, little guy, do you like me? Or don't you?" To make it clear right away, I lick Daniel's face with my tongue.

"So much for the 'doesn't like men' thing," Carolin happily remarks. "You're getting along just fine with him."

"That's good to know! Because if we spend our days together in threes from now on, anything else would be bad. A dachshund who constantly pinches me in the shins would have seriously disrupted our harmony."

Ah, I understand. Daniel is my lady's master. Probably, I've already smelled him up in the apartment. I've heard before that people like to stick together in pairs and then stay that way for a long time. I always found this strange. But when I see the two of them, it makes perfect sense. They seem so... familiar with each other. Almost like my Opili with the old Eschersbach. And they've been going hunting together for fifteen years. That's as good as it gets. Do Carolin and Daniel go hunting together? Or do couples do something else in pairs?

"By the way, has Mrs. Brolin called again?" Carolin asks Daniel. "She wanted to come by today with a cello for an appraisal. It needs restoration if it's worth it."

Cello. What a beautiful word. So soft and yet somehow... fiery. What is that? And is it related to the thing Daniel was holding earlier? Well, I'll find out, as of today I'll be in this area more often.

"Yes, she called briefly and left the instrument here. I put it on your spot. She wasn't in a hurry at all. It's enough if you call her on Monday."

"Okay. To be honest, I'd like to take the rest of the day off and show Hercules his new home and surroundings. We've already tried a little walk in the park, but Hercules doesn't like his new leash. Maybe I'll practice with him some more."

"Go ahead, there's nothing urgent here anyway. At least not something I couldn't handle without you." Daniel smiles again and passes me back to Carolin.

It's amazing what different facial expressions people can make. Of course, it's much easier when you don't have so many hairs around your eyes and nose. Right now, this Daniel is looking at Carolin as if he'd like to lick her face.

But apparently, that's not something people do. At least, I've never seen them do it. By the way, they also don't jump up and down. Strange, right? Yet, it feels so good when you're happy.

"Daniel?"

"Yes?"

"Is this okay with you about the dog?"

"Absolutely, don't worry."

"I mean, it was a pretty spontaneous idea, and I actually wanted to ask you first. But then I went to the animal shelter out of pure curiosity and fell in love with this little guy right away."

"He's really cute too. I can understand why you took him right away. Those big brown button eyes alone. By the way, I think he's a mix, but not much shows it. He has floppy ears and relatively short legs - but a long back as well. So, in my opinion, he definitely comes from a real dachshund family, no other breeds are likely to be involved."

Daniel, you're my man! I'd love nothing more than to jump straight from Carolin's arm to Daniel and lick him all over again - his compliment feels amazing. I feel like I've grown an extra paw. Proudly, I start barking.

"That seems to make you very happy!" Carolin says, stroking my ears one last time. "Well, my sweetie, then I'll do my best to make sure you're comfortable here."

As I lie in my new basket at night, exhausted but happy. We spent an hour walking around the park and practicing with the leash. To do Carolin a favor, I usually trotted behind her, only occasionally sitting down and growling when I thought I'd seen a rabbit hole. After all, I also have a reputation as a hunting dog to uphold. But with some coaxing and a few slices of sausage, we managed a pretty big leash walk in the park. We even met a few other dogs, but I wasn't in the mood for talking. After all, there's always tomorrow.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Before I drift off to sleep, Carolin comes by once more and tucks a soft blanket into my basket. She nuzzles me for a bit, then whispers in my ear: "You know, my sweetie, it's actually a shame I haven't gotten myself a dog yet. Here, it would be ideal for someone like you. During the day, you can come with me to the workshop or wander around our garden. And every time I take a break or have some free time, we'll go for a walk here. How does that sound?" - and finally, finally! - I get to lick her across the face. Carolin giggles, strokes me one last time, and wishes me good night.

Wow, I've hit the jackpot: a nice lady, a nice gentleman - in fact, a truly beautiful family, just like at Schloss Eschersbach. Okay, there's no Emilia, and instead of fresh panse as promised for dinner to celebrate, Carolin opened a can. But who cares? If that's what civilized life is about, I'm game. At least it seems honest here; I haven't met anyone quite as cold-hearted as the old man from Eschersbach yet. Yes, the luck of the little people has something soothingly calming about it. The aristocracy can do without me. Just thinking about that delicious sausage makes my eyes close.

THREE

I wish I could plug my ears or hide under the couch. Because what I'm experiencing right now gives me the creeps. A man I've never seen before just entered our apartment, Carolin's to be precise, and immediately started yelling. I'm speechless. Who is this terrible guy? And where is Daniel? Won't he protect his lady? Maybe I should look for him quickly so he can help Carolin. But that would mean passing by the shouting man, and frankly, I don't dare. Is it a bad habit of mine to hate people who shout so loudly? My ears are really something! For my taste, humans neither need to speak so loudly nor - as they seem to love doing - listen to incredibly loud music. But that's beside the point.

In his aggressive manner, this man reminds me a lot of Bozo and Boxer. He's huge, at least a whole head taller than Carolin. And his hair is just as jet-black as Bozo's fur. He makes the same haughty movements and has the same uncultivated tone. Apparently, he's a proletarian through and through, like Bozo-Boxer.

The man waves his arms wildly around and points - at me! Oh no!

"Did you just buy a dog? I was on a business trip for three days, and when I got back, you had bought one?"

Bozo-Boxer's face is bright red. Something tells me I don't quite fit with him the way I do with Daniel. But that can wait. The main thing is my master likes me. And hopefully, that will happen soon. Even with people's usually bad ears, this yelling can be heard in the workshop. Now Carolin bravely steps up to the man. Obviously, she wants to defend me. A noble gesture, but it's just not working out like that. Because if anyone needs defending here, it's my lady through her brave hunting dog. It does no good - I have to jump into the fray.

Just as I'm about to take off for a daring leap to get a good bite position on a sensitive spot of this guy, the unbelievable happens: Carolin moves even closer to the nasty fellow and pets him on the arm.

"But, darling - we agreed that getting an animal was a good idea. And yesterday, I spontaneously went to the animal shelter. Please, don't be mad! Hercules is so cute!"

I hope I'm mishearing. After all, these are things people usually say to their partners. For example, the gardener always tells Emilia everything is fine because they're a couple. So, does Carolin have two men? And one of them just happens to be this proletarian? At least, Carolin seems to have calmed him down; he's not shouting as loudly anymore. Darling?

Darling

"You and your spontaneous ideas! Buying a dog without asking me - what kind of nonsense is that?"

"Well, I thought since you're often away and we do have a big garden, Hercules can come with us to the workshop during the day. Daniel had no problem with it."

"Of course he wouldn't. He's just too soft. If you suggested standing in the store in strapless dresses from tomorrow on, he'd say yes and amen."

"Come on, Thomas - stop picking on Daniel. He might not be as go-getter as you are, but I couldn't imagine a better partner than him."

Aha, so the man's name is Thomas. And obviously, he knows Daniel. What an interesting combination. Do people sometimes live in threes? It's said that dogs used to live in packs in ancient times; however, back then, one male would be surrounded by several females. Perhaps things are different with human packs - if there even are such things - and each woman needs several men? There's a lot I still have to learn as a young dog. That much is for sure.

"Well, of course you couldn't find a better partner," sneers Thomas. "There just aren't that many luth-makers around. But just because your work colleague lets you do everything in the workshop doesn't mean I will."

Thomas laughs derisively. Carolin starts to cry, and it becomes clear to me that Daniel and Carolin are not a couple at all; at least, not a romantic one. Instead, Carolin has somehow ended up with Thomas, and she only works with Daniel. That's just how it is. Oh, how horrible.

I'm completely confused and no longer listening to what Thomas is saying. Instead, I frantically try to figure out why Carolin chose Thomas. She couldn't have chosen him willingly. How did this even happen? Is there some sort of institution that matches men and women? Sort of a dog breeder for humans? I used to think that was impossible; for me, humans were the beings with free will. But if I'm seeing this here, then things must work differently among humans. And - it's obvious - not well.

"Carolin, you're making a mistake. This just isn't going to work between you and Thomas. It never has, and it never will."

"How do you know that? Just because I'm your best friend Nina, who's been watching this whole mess for four years?"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
We sit, or rather Carolin and Nina sit, while I lie in a café. Carolin came with me after the argument with Thomas. A short time later, Nina joined us. And since then, it has been quite interesting because Carolin and Nina are talking about exactly what has been troubling me today: What does Carolin actually want from Thomas? Nina obviously doesn't like Thomas either. But unlike me, she doesn't judge him by his unpleasant smell or loud voice, but has listed many other reasons that I didn't fully understand. But anyway - in the end, Nina and I come to the same conclusion: He's just not right for her. Carolin, however, defends him bravely, while Nina continues to argue.

"I mean, honestly, Carolin: You've already bought a dog out of desperation. What's next?"

Hey! Does that mean me? I growl cautiously. Carolin leans down towards me.

"It's okay, Hercules. Nina doesn't mean it like that."

Nina rolls her eyes. I can see this clearly from my seat next to Carolin's chair. "Yes, I mean exactly what I say! What you're missing is a man who loves you as much as you love him. That stupid little dog is definitely no replacement!"

Stupid little dog? Does she even know who she's talking to? It's not enough to growl; I jump up and bark at Nina once energetically. She raises her eyebrows in surprise.

"Wow, it seems like he actually understood me. Okay, I take back what I said about him being a stupid dog. But the first part stands - you will never be happy with Thomas. Keep the dog but break up with that guy."

Exactly, let's do it! I lie down again.

"Hercules is not a love substitute. It has nothing to do with Thomas. I've always wanted a dog."

"Nonsense. That was classic sublimation."

"Yes, yes, the psychologist knows best."

I'm not sure what that means, but it seems dangerous. Carolin has already said this to Nina several times, and it sounded like Nina had a serious illness. At least kennel cough. Poor thing, she looks so healthy - rosy skin tone, big clear eyes, I bet her nose is also cold. And her brown hair shines. But if it is an illness, I hope Carolin doesn't catch it and become psychologically affected too.

"So let's get to the point: You're not happy with Thomas and you never will be. Keep the dog but break up with him."

That's right, that's what we'll do! I wag my tail. Unfortunately, Carolin is not as enthusiastic about this advice as I am - she starts crying.

"You don't understand. Thomas and I belong together. I know it for sure. Just the way we met was fate!"

Aha - fate! A mysterious word. Is that what brings people together? And if so, how could fate have been so off with Carolin? I try to imagine fate in person. Maybe it looks like the old man from Escher's drawing. Strict. Intimidating. A little arrogant. But if fate is indeed like the old man from Escher's drawing, then it might also make mistakes. After all, he made a big mistake when judging my worth. Would he have sent me to the animal shelter?

Suddenly, I'm not so interested in Nina and Carolin's conversation. My thoughts are back at home: with Mom, my sister Charlotte, and Emilia. How are they doing? For the first time since those exciting past three days, I feel a strange longing. Does my family miss me? Or have they already stopped talking about me? Will Charlotte sleep well if I'm not next to her in her basket? Oh, Charlotte, will I ever see you again?

"Hey, Hercules, what's wrong with you? Are you feeling okay?"

Apparently, I've started whining. Carolin and Nina stop their conversation, and Carolin picks me up onto her lap. Surprised, I look straight into her eyes. Her eyes are completely red - people do cry a little, but obviously it doesn't agree with them. I lick her hands quickly. Does that mean something? But Carolin looks worried anyway.

"Hmm, what's wrong with him?"

Nina shrugs. "Maybe he's not happy with Thomas either? After all, Thomas would like to kick him out."

WUFF! What? Thomas wants to kick me out? So I'm going back to the animal shelter tomorrow? With Bozo and Boxer?

When we get home, I'm still quite worried. Will Carolin really bring me back? That would be terrible. Maybe I'll have to make amends with Thomas after all. I decide that when I see him next, I'll show off my best dachshund side. Although it goes against the grain for a von Escher - generally, he wouldn't crawl on his belly, but this last act of civil disobedience didn't exactly end well, and ended up with a painful bite on my ear.

However, at the moment, Thomas doesn't seem to be home. Carolin doesn't call out for him either; she only briefly puts her bag down and then grabs the apartment key again.

"We're going back to the workshop for a bit, Hercules." Then she opens the door. "Come on, sweetie!"

Nothing I'd rather do! I'm happy to see Daniel again and wag my tail behind Carolin as we walk down the stairs.

Upon arriving downstairs, however, I realize that it still smells very much like wood but not necessarily like Daniel. Strange, where is he? While Carolin goes to one of the tables and starts tidying up a bit, I set off looking for Daniel. I find out that the rooms here in the workshop are arranged quite similarly to Carolin's apartment: two adjoining ones on one side, a third behind them, then a long hallway, and at the back, another room. The wood smell is especially strong in this last room - and as I stick my nose inside, I see that entire piles of wood are stacked here. Oddly enough - what does Carolin need all this wood for? Von Escher collects bottles in his basement, and Emilia's husband collects these small colorful square pieces with jagged edges, but wood? It seems there is nothing people don't collect.

"Hercules, where are you?" Carolin calls down the hallway. I run out of the wood room. "Well, what are you doing in the wood pile? It smells nice, doesn't it?" I lie down in front of Carolin's feet, and she pets me briefly. "Or are you looking for Daniel?"

When I hear that name, I wag my tail. Let Carolin know exactly who I consider a good master.

"Ah, I see. Daniel is nice, right? But it's the weekend, so we usually don't work then. I also have a few things to take care of that have been left with me since your move in. Then we'll go for a walk, promised. You can look around in the garden while I'm finishing up, okay?"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A good plan, because I have not yet inspected the garden. In general - apart from the apartment and workshop, the house is still completely unknown to me, and I am already looking forward to exploring it bit by bit. Carolin goes to one of the windows in the second room and opens it. Only now do I see that there are two steps leading up into the garden from here. I jump them quickly and sit down immediately on the grass. Wonderful - how ticklish it feels on my belly! The sun is shining on the tip of my nose, and I have to sneeze. Carolin laughs.

"So, then enjoy yourself - I'll leave the door open, so you can come in if you get bored."

No worries, Carolin, that definitely won't happen! I run off and sniff the gigantic tree standing at the side of the house. Hm, interesting. Clearly no dog has been here for a long time, because there is absolutely nothing marked on this trunk. I mark it right away and raise my leg. Often, I haven't done this before, let alone on such a wide trunk, so everything looks a bit amateurish. But anyway, I can practice this extensively in private here. Until I can do it as well as the adult males that I have secretly observed. They are so cool: they walk past a tree and just lift their leg - as if it were no big deal.

I try again on the other side; after all, it's important to be able to do it with both legs. Not easy! Fortunately, no one is watching me.

"Well, little guy?" echoes a voice from directly above me at that moment. "That looks quite wobbly. You're not going to last long, heh heh!"

Who on earth is that? I look up and see a thick, black cat in the tree crown. Oh no, what a shame! A secret observer, and it's even a cat!

"By the way, this is garden and tree - so I ask you to refrain from peeing here. It's disgusting and stinky." says my...

My...

With these words, the cat slowly climbs down the thick trunk and stands in front of me. For a cat, it's quite large. Above all, it's also fat. I growl at it.

"What? Is that supposed to be a greeting?" I snap. "You dogs have no manners. You just come barging into my living room without knocking and don't even introduce yourself." But alright," the cat sighs, "let's start over: I am Mr. Beck."

Ah, a tomcat.

"I'm Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach. Pleased to meet you, Mr. Beck. Finally, I want to make sure that nobody tells me I don't know what's appropriate."

What a cheek! I would love nothing more than to bite this fat creature right in the heels - but from dealing with castle cats, I know it can be quite painful for a small dog like me. These beasts are really fast and have sharp claws. Although I'm seething internally, I try to keep my cool.

"A woman like Carolin can call me by any name she wants. But not a common cat like you - unfortunately." In any case, this is no longer your living room, but my new garden. So please, in the future, refrain from climbing onto my also new tree. You're damaging it with your claws." Carl-Leopold

The cat's tail starts twitching. Unfortunately, not because Mr. Beck is shaking out of fear, but because he bursts into hysterical laughter.

"Fantastic - you were just missing! I was getting a bit bored - but with a clown like you, this summer will definitely be very entertaining."

Mr. Beck starts laughing on the floor. It's clear that he's having a blast. As for me, I could pull out my tail hairs. No one takes me seriously. Slowly, Mr. Beck calms down, stands up and shakes himself briefly.

"Now seriously, little guy - what do you think you are?"

I want to reply, but then Mr. Beck's paw zings past my nose, just millimeters away. "Hold on - wrong question! Just don't start again with that noble talk."

I growl. Mr. Beck should not think he can insult me without consequences - claws aside. Unfortunately, he completely ignores this and continues unperturbed: "I've been living here for a long time as the only animal in this house, if you exclude the stupid parakeet on the second floor. And just because you were brought here by that very attractive Carolin, you don't think I'll give up my territory. This was garden, it is garden, and will always be garden! So be happy when you can catch a little sun here from time to time and stay away from the tree."

With these words, he turns around and obviously wants to leave me standing there. That's enough for me. I take a leap forward and grab Mr. Beck's tail. Actually, with the intention of making it just as narrow an escape as his previous claw strike. Unfortunately, at that very moment, Mr. Beck lowers his tail tip towards my teeth - and before I know it, I bite right into it. Ouch. That was definitely a little bit painful. Maybe a lot. But not on purpose!

Mr. Beck roars and tries to get revenge, but I take off. On the second day of being pummelled by a cat is certainly not part of my successful introduction plan. Before he catches me, I leap through the still open workshop window.

I almost land on Carolin's feet, who looks at me in surprise.

"What are you doing there, Hercules? Doing acrobatics?" She looks out the window and sees Mr. Beck, who manages to make a full stop just in time. "Did you have an argument with the cat?"

I try to look as innocent as possible and wag my tail.

"So really, Hercules! Mr. Beck is a very nice older gentleman. Besides, his owner always waters my flowers when I'm not around. So you need to behave yourself."

How embarrassing! She knows the cat better. I pretend to be interested in something very important on the ground. However, I can't help but think that Carolin's taste in both people and cats is far from exquisite. After Thomas, it's Mr. Beck - it's almost a miracle she didn't take Bozo from the shelter instead of me.

Thinking about Thomas reminds me that I still need to make a good impression on him today. He shouldn't even consider returning me. Besides, I have enough enemies close by, and I don't need Mr. Beck as an additional one right now. I resolve to seize the first opportunity to bond with Thomas over his mane. Just as I will do, Opili. Boldly and fearlessly.

A von Eschersbach doesn't hesitate - he acts when the opportunity arises, boldly and fearlessly.

FOUR
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Suddenly the opportunity for brotherhood with Thomas comes earlier than thought. A night later I lie in my basket and can't sleep. Too much is going through my head. Thomas. The small incident with Mr Beck. The conversation between Carolin and Nina. Even Fritz, the Münsterlander from the shelter, I have to think about. Restlessly I turn and toss.

Suddenly I hear a sound. It's a murmuring... or rather a... whimpering? I scramble up, climb out of my basket, and trot out of the living room towards the hallway. There I can hear the sound even better. It is indeed a whimpering, and it comes from the bedroom! Horror - isn't Carolin not doing well? The door is only propped open, so I can quietly slip in. Unfortunately, it's completely dark, I can't make out anything.

And again the sound. The whimpering has now turned into a groan. To my great relief, however, it is clearly Thomas who doesn't seem to be doing well. My first thought: Carolin is probably fine. My second thought: Here she is, my chance! Now I have to act boldly and fearlessly. Because quite obviously Thomas is lying in bed and winding himself in pain. Carolin seems to be sleeping - or at least she's not hearing him, because if she did, she'd help him. So I'll make sure she wakes up and Thomas doesn't have to suffer any longer. Then he'll realize what a great dog I am and how lucky it is that Carolin got me.

With a bold and fearless leap, I jump into bed right next to the groaning Thomas. It's really amazing that Carolin doesn't hear him, because she's lying more or less under him. As I mentioned before: humans have really bad hearing. But don't worry, Thomas, you now have a new loyal friend. In his pain, he winds himself up, turning his face down. I quickly lick his neck, so he knows help is nearby. He shivers. Then I start barking as loudly as possible. Finally, Carolin should finally wake up.

The next thing I remember is flying across the whole room and landing very roughly beside the door. Then suddenly it gets bright. Thomas - through some miracle spontaneously healed - stands over me and glares at me angrily.

"You filthy dog! What gives you the right? I'll beat you to a pulp!"

He swings at me - does he want to hit me? I try to duck away. But where? In panic, I start yawning. Help - what's going on here?

At that moment, Carolin suddenly stands behind Thomas. From all the noise, she finally woke up. She grabs Thomas by the shoulder from behind and pulls him back.

"Subdue yourself, Hercules! He didn't intentionally disturb us. "

Thomas turns around. 
"Please? The dog jumps into our bed when I'm just getting into my stride, and you defend it? To that stupid creature, I'll show soon enough what I think of his little act."

"Thomas!" Carolin says sharply. "You're to leave Hercules alone right now! Immediately!"

She bends down to me and picks me up on her arm. Now I'm shaking like a leaf. This is just too much for my delicate nervous system. And, frankly, I don't understand a thing: Why should Thomas be happy that at least I recognized his critical condition? Instead, he seriously considered beating me up. And my Dackelpo still hurts from the kick he gave me in bed. I start whining. Never have I been treated so unfairly. Against this psychopath, old von Eschersbach is a paragon of kindness!

"You poor thing, you're shaking so hard!" Carolin presses me against herself and presses her face into my neck. "Don't worry, I'm here with you. I'll take care of you."

Thomas snorts disdainfully. 
"So seriously, Carolin. Do you now have an erotic relationship with a dog? You seem not to mind the interruption at all. Maybe it was even right for you. Now you don't even have to say you have a headache anymore."

Wait: Thomas groans, and Carolin has a headache? What interruption? 
I do my best, but I can't make any sense of it. One thing is clear, though: My attempt to get along with Thomas has completely backfired. And I don't even know why. Can I take my new chew toy to the shelter? Besides, it doesn't matter, because Bozo and Boxer will probably take it away from me anyway.

The rest of the night I spend in my basket. Although I'm exhausted, after all this chaos, of course, I can't fall asleep. From time to time, I raise an ear and listen into the darkness. Complete silence. But even if I heard another noise - no ten horses would get me back into a room where Thomas is present again.

The sun shines through the workshop windows, several inviting patches form on the old wooden floor, beckoning me. This invitation comes in very handy, as the last night is still fresh in my mind. I hesitate between lying down in Carolin's room or crawling onto the table where Daniel is working. 
"Come on, Carl-Leopold, lie down next to me and rest a bit!"

Finally, I lie down next to Daniel. I feel quite small and am afraid that Carolin might also blame me for everything. Even though she hasn't said a word, it still feels a little uncomfortable. Because somehow, I must have done something completely wrong. Even after careful consideration, I don't know what exactly. But the fact that Carolin had to defend me from Thomas again is really embarrassing for me.

"So, how was your weekend? How does life with your new dog go?" Daniel wants to know from Carolin.

I tuck my ears down and lower my head between my front paws. The story that will inevitably follow I don't want to hear at all.

"You - great! Thomas is also very excited about the little fellow. Well, you know how animal-loving he is."

Huh? Was there something in his food this morning? Obviously, I'm hallucinating.

"Really? No, I didn't know that he likes animals so much. But all the better, then the two of them will certainly get along great. They could go for walks together or do survival training or whatever a real tough guy does with his dog."

Do I imagine it, or do I hear a hint of irony in Daniel's words? That's actually quite difficult for me as a dog - humans often use the same words to mean completely different things. I remember very well how von Eschersbach first said when I jumped onto the sofa in the living room with wet paws, and then later used his cane to swing at my hindquarters. I couldn't calm down for two hours until Mom explained that people often say the opposite of what they mean to make it clear that they don't actually mean it. Crazy, right? There must be some very impractical and unnecessary twists in a human's mind. Probably because they carry their brain around on their legs too high above the ground. That obviously isn't good for the brain."Fine dog, good idea!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
In this context, it's also interesting to question how Carolin came to tell such a story? Why won't she admit that our start into a shared future was a total failure? Could animal love perhaps be something that increases the value of a man? Just like wild hunting ferocity, drive and shooting accuracy distinguish an outstanding hunting dog? I know a lot about outstanding hunting dogs, after all: Mom was three times in the Bundeschampionat finals, the shelves at Schloss Eschersbach are bending under her trophies, and she never got a lower grade than "Excellent 1", or short V1. So if animal love is basically catalogued, and Carolin wants to demonstrate that Thomas is a candidate for V1, then her story makes sense. But on the other hand, even a small dog like me can see at first glance that Thomas would get no better than a "Satisfactory" - even with animal love. If it were actually present.

But back to the topic of irony: honestly, I hope Daniel didn't mean it quite that way. Because the combination of words "with" and "waken" evoke entirely different associations in my mind than those of a great friendship between man and dog. Instead, I see Thomas in front of my inner eye, propelling me over a rocky ledge into an extremely deep abyss or tying me to a tree in a lonely forest and simply walking away. Then again, maybe animal shelter would be better. Perhaps I could found a dog-WG with Fritz, who unfortunately is still there, and we'd get our own little kennel? If I had my way, even next to the cat enclosure - looking back, I actually find it quite amusing that I bit Beck's tail.

Thomas alone

Survival training

"So Daniel, you don't need to laugh about this. I really believe Hercules and Thomas will become good friends."

Ah - thank God! So indeed, irony. No dangerous solo ventures with Thomas.

"I'm not laughing. I just doubt that your dear Thomas will be jogging through the park with a cute guy like Hercules anytime soon. It goes too much against his carefully cultivated image as a hard guy."

"What's wrong with Thomas?"

"Nothing at all. I sometimes wonder what he has against me."

Carolin bursts out laughing loudly. It sounds quite inauthentic.

"Please, Thomas doesn't have anything against you. On the contrary, he finds you very nice."

Carolins usually warm voice has a tinny undertone. Does Daniel hear that too? He sighs.

"Sure, sure."

"You're just very different. But that doesn't mean you can't be friends."

After that, Daniel says nothing more but clearly inhales. Apparently, he doesn't want to talk about this topic with Carolin. A pity, I would have liked to hear more of his opinion on Thomas. Perhaps I have an ally in him? That would be nice, because by now I could use a friend in this house.

At noon, Carolin briefly takes me into the apartment to give me my meal. She has indeed bought a book about dogs - I saw it lying on the sofa in the living room - and maybe as her first read the chapter on healthy nutrition. In any case, she's now off canned food and brought fresh heart for me on our walk this morning. As she cooks it, a tempting aroma spreads throughout the apartment. Delicious! A very pleasant development.

"Okay, little guy, that needs to cool down a bit first, then you'll get it. Let's wait five more minutes; I need to make a quick call anyway, then I'll give it to you."

She puts my bowl with the heart pieces in the fridge and goes into the room next to the living room. I stand around uncertainly for a while, then trot into the hallway. While I'm still wondering what to do until dinner, I see that the bedroom door is open again. For two days, I've made a big detour around this room, but now my curiosity wins out. Perhaps I'll find something there that explains what happened during the terrifying night of recent times? Although I wouldn't know what it could be, at least I want to take another look in the light. From the other corner of the apartment, I hear Carolin talking with this black plastic thing. Based on everything I now know about people in general and women in particular, that's a sure sign she's completely distracted right now. It was the same with Emilia. You could steal anything from the kitchen while she was on the phone.

I cautiously push my nose through the door crack. Indeed, the air is clean. In a flash, I'm inside. At first glance, it seems entirely unremarkable. But as they say, the second look makes things interesting. Better said, the moment when a dog precisely sniffs around. And that's why I decide to thoroughly inspect this place with my nose.

I start at the bed: everything as usual. To the right, it smells like Carolin; to the left, more like Thomas. Well, what did I expect? That's just how they sleep. I'm about to jump down again when I notice a hint of another scent. Not directly on the sheets, but rather underneath, on the mattress. I pull the sheets apart and sniff more closely. Strange. While Carolin's side has that fantastic Carolin smell and Thomas' side smells unsympathetically on his own, there's a third scent hanging over this bed. It's... hmm... I'm not sure... somehow... no, or maybe yes... it's hard to say! So I decide to sniff around the entire bed again.

Just then, the bedroom door swings open wide. "Herkules, no! What are you doing in our bed again?"

Carolin stands before me, wagging her index finger disapprovingly. Ashamed, I look down. How could I explain what I'm looking for? I don't even know myself. I just know that I've discovered something very strange.

"Dogs don't belong in the bed, Herkules. You have a very comfortable crate, and please stay there when you want to sleep. On the sofa, you can sit with me, but not in the bed. Thomas was really angry at you earlier, and I promised him I'd teach you better. I want you two to become friends. And that's not going to happen like this!"

Now Carolin looks really sad. Darn it. I tuck my ears down and jump off the bed. It was a bad idea with the bedroom. And I'm not any smarter now.

"Don't look so sad. Every dog has something to learn, right? And now come - your meal is probably ready."

Of course, I don't let that stop me and head straight for the kitchen. Carolin takes the bowl out of the fridge, stirs it once, and sets it in front of my nose. Mmm, delicious. A good portion of heart, and the biggest problem quickly forgotten.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Back in the workshop I fall asleep for an hour. Daniel has built me a second basket from an old box and a pillow – very thoughtful of him. I wake up because I have the feeling that someone is torturing Mr Beck. In any case, horrible sounds reach my ears. Very high-pitched and shrill, a wretched howl. I jump out of the box and run towards the noise. There, in one of the front rooms, stands Carolin holding something on her arm. Not Mr Beck, but one of the small wooden boxes that seem to be scattered all over the workshop. They look strange. They come in various sizes, they are not rectangular but round, as if two circles had been glued together. Also, they have a long neck. And on this neck Carolin is swatting around with the stick containing her fur. To be more precise, she strokes it around. It seems to hurt the box, because afterwards it makes that terrible noise.

Brr, my blood freezes! I can't help but start wailing. At first timidly, then loudly. Carolin lets the box sink, Daniel rushes into the room. He sees me still wailing loudly and then breaks out into a thunderous laugh.

"Come on, say Mr Hercules doesn't like music! Well, you're in the right place then!"

Music? That's supposed to be music? That's not even close to being our thing! I know music from Schloss Eschersbach. In the salon not only was my favourite sofa, but also a so-called piano. Sometimes Eschersbach would play there, and it wasn't exactly my personal choice, but far from as bad as what I just heard. And when I went shopping with Emilia, then the car played music, of course much too loudly, but otherwise quite nice - with a clear rhythm and very fast. But this was simply terrible. So shrill. It wasn't even music in the slightest. I shake my head energetically.

Carolin and Daniel look at each other puzzled.

"Maybe he finds the notes too high? Bring the cello, maybe that suits him better than the violin?"

Daniel rushes off and comes back with one of the larger boxes. Ah, so this thing has a name after all. Hopefully it sounds a bit better. Daniel sits down on a chair and clamps the cello between his legs. He also takes the stick in hand. Then he moves it slowly back and forth. Indeed, notes come out. And they sound much clearer. I grumble contentedly and lie down in front of Daniel, my head on my forelegs.

"So, Mr Hercules isn't the type for the violin. But generally it seems he has no issue with music," Carolin observes. "Then he'll have to take a little walk in the garden whenever we tune the violins." She sighs. "Such a shame, because the violin is such a wonderful instrument."

"Maybe you just don't hear how it sounds for dog ears. They can probably still pick up some vibrations that we don't even notice. There are these silent dog whistles they can't hear, but dogs sure can."

"Hey, did you steal my dog book?"

"No, but we always had a dog at home. Quite a few terriers, but once even a dachshund. So you could call me an expert."

"Good to know. I'll definitely ask you with a specialist question soon. But now I have to get back to work. So, Mr Hercules, if you want to protect your ears, maybe you'd better go into the garden."

Fine by me, I can practice peeing a bit longer.

FIVE

The garden is peaceful and quiet. I look around to make sure there are no unwanted spectators this time, then I approach the big tree and raise my leg. Nope, it's actually getting better. That stupid Beck can go to hell. Besides, of course, this isn't his garden, but mine. After all, he leaves Carolin's workshop. So Beck is just a visitor. There's nothing wrong with that, after all, a guest from Eschersbach is always welcome. But if this stupid cat thinks I'm going to dance to his tune now because he lives here longer, then he's way off base. I won't back down. A Hercules from Eschersbach never does!

I try it a few more times with my left and right leg, then get bored. Time to check out the other corners of the garden. Behind the tree starts a large lawn that is currently invitingly bathed in sunlight. Otherwise, it's rather dull for my taste. No sign of rabbits or moles. The occasional squirrel seems to run across the meadow from time to time, at least that's what I smell. But squirrels aren't worth hunting, they jump too fast onto trees when fleeing. Even such a seasoned hunter as Opili wouldn't have a chance against them.

The lawn is framed by a flower bed on both sides. It smells sweetly and summery, and a few bees buzz heavily from bloom to bloom with pollen. I sniff around the edge but can't find anything interesting. Just as I'm about to turn around and trot towards the front garden, I hear someone calling.

"Herkules! Hey, come over here!" Could that be Mr Beck? Revenge perhaps? I decide not to respond.

"Come on, Hercules, come already."

I slowly turn around but still don't move from where I am.

"So if you insist: Carl-Leopold, could you please come?"

Oh, a whole new tone. Beck obviously wants something important from me. But where in the world is he? I can't see him anywhere. Not on the lawn, not on the tree, nowhere.

"Beck, where are you? I can't see you." "I'm up here."

"On the tree?" "No, on the table."

The table? A table? I have no idea where it could be. Confused, I look around.

"Up on the table on the lawn. Run behind the flower bed, then you'll see him!"

So I run behind the left flower bed and indeed see a large garden table, or rather the table legs of such a table. Not easy to spot from a Dackel's perspective, but that must be it.

"Exactly, now get on the chair, then you can see me."

What kind of game is this supposed to be? I look for a chair and find one right next to the table. Whoa, that's high! Hopefully I'll actually manage to jump onto it.

"Listen, Beck, I don't know if I can do that. It's pretty high for me. Why don't you just tell me what you want or come down here yourself?"

"That's not possible. You'll see why soon. So please, make an effort and jump!"

I sigh and take three steps back to get some momentum. Then I sprint and leap onto the chair. Success! Although it was a close call, at least I made it. A little proud of myself, I look around with my head held high - and spot Mr Beck right in the middle of the garden table. To be more precise: in a bird cage that stands right on top of the garden table.

"Well, now you see why I can't come."

Beck looks at me unhappily. I, on the other hand, have to fight hard not to burst out laughing.

"What are you doing? That looks ridiculous! A fat cat like you in such a tiny cage!"
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Yes, thank you too for your sympathy. What am I going to do here? I had the historical chance to catch this annoying, old-fashioned parakeet. Unfortunately, I didn't consider that the cage door opens inward and I can't get it open now because I'm blocking it with my size."

"I mean: you're fat!"

Beck ignores this objection and looks at me intensely, as a cat might through bars.

"You have to help me, Carl-Leopold. If old Meyer sees that I've caught her bird, there will be serious trouble."

"She can think so even if you're not in the cage."

"Yes, maybe she can think it, but she can't prove it. My first master was a lawyer, and let me tell you - between belief and knowledge, people make a huge difference."

"Anyway, why should I help you? I'm happy for you to go to the animal shelter or somewhere else. At least I'll finally have my peace from you."

"Hey buddy, is that solidarity among pets?"

"Solidarity among pets? I don't know, I'd like to ask the parakeet first."

I turn to leave, but Beck makes one last attempt: "Well then, call it however you want. But if you've ever thought about burying the hatchet between us, now is an extremely good time for that. Think about whether it wouldn't be useful to have a friend in this house - someone who knows humans well!"

Okay, he's got me. I sigh. "So what should I do?"

"Come next to the cage. You can also open it from above, but first you need to chew through the knots in the string, and that's not something my teeth can do alone."

I look at what he means. Indeed, the cage has a top flap secured with a kind of ribbon. The knots of this ribbon are outside the cage and look like a solvable task.

"I think I can manage that. But we'll have to flip the cage over, otherwise I won't be able to reach the knots."

"No problem. Flip the cage off the table - better a few scratches than sitting here anymore." "Alright then, watch out!"

With a strong shove, I push the cage over the edge of the table. It falls with a loud thud and lands on its side.

"Ouch!" Beck exclaims and shakes himself vigorously. "Well, that should help you get there."

I jump off the table onto a chair and then stand next to the cage, examining the situation more closely. Yes, this could work. The knots are right at my snout level. And for my skills as a thing-chewer, I'm quite famous - or rather, legendary. A very unfortunate fact, I might add. It has cost Emilia one or two pairs of shoes already. But somehow this skill does need to be trained.

In less than three minutes, the ribbon falls to the ground, and the flap opens - thankfully outward. The opening is quite small, but Beck forces himself through with all his might. Amazing how flexible cats are. In fact, they'd make great construction workers - but probably too afraid to face a badger face-to-face. So this parakeet was an easier catch.

Sniffing, Beck finally sits down next to me. "Thanks, my friend."

"No problem. But tell me, did you really kill that poor parakeet?" "Pfft."

I look at the cage. Strange, hardly any feathers are visible. There's only a small green plastic bird lying heavily scratched on the bottom. Did Beck really swallow the parakeet whole? Brrr, the thought makes me shiver. Hunting is one thing - but eating your prey entirely? Well... everyone has their ways. Beck, however, remains uncharacteristically quiet.

"Hey, did the parakeet get under your skin?"

"Well, to put it bluntly, the parakeet is still alive. I didn't eat him."

"It's still alive? You mean you were in its cage, and it's still alive?" But where is it?

"It wasn't in the cage when I went after it," I admit sheepishly. "I climbed up and jumped right into the birdhouse. Grabbed my friend, bit down - and had that stupid plastic thing in my mouth."

I see Beck's eyes widen.

"Yes, I know what you're thinking. But here's how it happened: I'm an old cat now, with not the best eyes or nose anymore. That's how it came to pass. It's perfectly understandable if a youngster like you can't fathom it."

Oh dear, someone is clearly quite down in the dumps. But this is a rather silly story: storming a cage without prey and then getting stuck inside. I try to cheer him up.

"Come on, there are many things you can do that I have no clue about."

"Like what?"

Dejected, Beck stares ahead. I ponder for a moment. But only briefly, because something immediately comes to mind that I truly envy him.

"Well, you said it yourself. You know humans well. You understand them, even when they're doing completely strange things."

Suddenly, Beck smiles and gives me a little tap on the side.

"You're right, kid. I do know humans pretty well. But here's what I propose: now that we're friends, I'll help you understand them too."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Something's not right, little one. Is your ear hurting? She runs her hand through my hair. Then she moves over to my right ear, and I shiver. "Indeed, you have a small lump." She now precisely touches the painful spot, I bark loudly.

"Daniel, can you come here? I need your expert advice. Hercules has a knot on his ear here, and it seems to hurt him too."

Daniel pokes his head out of his room. "I'll be right there, just finishing up something in here."

Hopefully Daniel can help me, because the more I think about it, the more my ear hurts. By now, the itching has almost completely turned into a continuous throbbing. I rest my chin on my forelegs and mumble a little. It can't hurt to let people know how bad I feel.

"Alright Hercules, let me take a look."

Daniel bends over me and gently pushes my right ear forward. I bark a bit louder. When Daniel feels the lump, he carefully parts my fur.

"Ah, I was right," Carolin looks at him worriedly. "Something bad?"

Brr, now I'm worried too. Will my ear fall off? Besides, good hearing is important for every hunting dog, and I would definitely be the ugliest dachshund in the world if that happened.

Daniel shakes his head. "No, no, don't worry. It's just a tick."

Phew, I'm relieved. I've heard of ticks surviving, but I've never had one myself. Emilia always carefully checked us for them after our play sessions in the park.

"However," Daniel continues and gives his voice a tone that makes the idea of an ear falling off not so far-fetched, "it seems to be infected. The bite spot is quite warm and a little bit oozing." Of course we can pull out the tick with a pair of tweezers, but I'd take Hercules to the vet just in case.

No, please, not the vet! It gives me chills, and I feel my fur stand on end.

"Boy, Hercules, you look so angry," Daniel finds amusing.

I don't know what's so funny about it.

"Apparently our new roommate understands us perfectly, and he definitely doesn't want to go to the vet. Look, he's stiffening up."

He hands me to Carolin, who takes me onto her lap and gently pets my head. "Oh Hercules, you don't have to be afraid. A trip to the vet isn't so bad."

So, with all due respect, I know this better than anyone here. Of those present, I'm the only one who's had this experience as a patient. Even twice. The first time, I was still fooled by the friendly chatter until this figure named the vet suddenly pulled a fold of skin up and stabbed me with a needle. That has to be one of the most astonishing things people say with complete conviction. How I'd love to talk to them in these moments!

While I'm still debating whether all my important and accurate thoughts can turn into nothing more than a loud bark, the doorbell rings. Carolin sets me down and opens the door.

"Hello everyone!"

"Hello Nina! Man, I almost forgot about you. I'm afraid our plans for today at noon will change a bit."

Nina looks disappointed. "Why? What happened?"

"Hercules caught a tick, and it's infected. I need to take him to the vet right away. Later on, I won't be able to fit him in as I have too many client appointments."

"Too bad! But maybe this won't take long, and we can go out for something to eat afterward? Then I'll just come along. Where should we go?"

"Well, I didn't expect to need a vet so soon. Maybe you could give me a tip, Daniel?"

Daniel thinks it over, at least he furrows his brow, which is usually a reliable sign. Anyway, I need to get in the habit of looking people in the face more often. You learn a lot about their current mood that way. Now that I've learned quite a bit about "understanding humans," Beck could still give me some lessons.

"So our old vet was top-notch, but I'm not sure if he's still practicing. He was actually the best and well-known. Wagner, his name was, had his practice right around the corner on Hellmann Street. Call the directory, see what you can find."

About an hour later, we're already sitting in Dr. Wagner's office. The Escher-see vet always came to the castle, so my vet visit today is a bit of a first for me. And I have to admit: If it weren't for my aching ears, this would be quite interesting. From my spot on Carolin's lap, I can see that there are two rabbits in the transport box under her chair. Crazy - I've never been this close to them before. I feel a warm tingling in my nose. I'd love to hop down and take a closer look at them. Maybe I could chase them around the waiting room just for fun? Of course, just a little bit. Animal solidarity and all that. A quick nip in their hind legs wouldn't kill them, right? I notice that my ear doesn't hurt as much when I think about it.

I slide off Carolin's lap and take a quick peek to see if she's watching me. Nope, she's chatting animatedly with Nina about their favorite topic - Thomas. Gently, I let myself glide from her lap and land right in front of the rabbit box. Carolin just gives me a brief head scratch, then turns back to Nina. I look around - the air is clean because the responsible rabbit person is talking to a young woman at the reception desk. So friends, shall we play a little?

I press my nose against the box. What a wonderful smell! I could bark happily, but I'll hold off because then the fun would be over before it even started. Instead, I try to push up the latch that secures the small gate on one side of the box. The rabbits stare at me, not looking thrilled. But that doesn't bother me, and so I grab the latch with my teeth and turn it up. With a quiet "clack," the gate swings open. Amazing! It works! Right away, I stick my head into the box and try to catch the larger of the two rabbits. Fearfully, it squeaks, clearly not having any fun. Before I can really grab it, though, something incredible happens: its partner shoots forward and bites me right in the nose. I bark loudly and pull my head out of the box. Such a rudeness!
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The rabbits take their chance to escape and jump straight out of the box. I bark furiously and want to follow them, but don't realize that I am on a leash. Nina gets caught in the leash, startled, as one of the two rabbits slips through her legs. She stumbles, sways - and falls directly into the arms of a man in a white coat who just opened the door next to our row of chairs and casually calls out "Mrs. Neumann with Hercules?" to the group. When I see him, a strange feeling washes over me. But I don't get the chance to think about it any further as the rabbit owner runs up to us, calling "Bobo, Snow White! My poor babies!" and tries to give me a targeted kick. I dodge and crouch down under the next chair. Carolin is frantically tugging at my leash, and the grandmother sitting diagonally across from us has an asthma attack from excitement. The man in the coat - obviously Dr. Wagner - still holds Nina in his arms, and I wait for him to let her go and start hunting me as well.

But nothing like that happens; instead, Dr. Wagner starts laughing loudly. A very dark, cheerful laugh. A laugh that sounds familiar to me. Suddenly, it feels as if I am back at Schloss Eschersbach, sitting with Charlotte on the cold tiles in the entrance hall of the horse stable. I can almost hear the voice of the old man from Eschersbach talking to the veterinarian. Dr. Wagner is not just any veterinarian; he is mine! Excitedly, I start barking - out of fear or joy, I don't know.

"Well, little guy, you've caused quite a mess here."

Dr. Wagner kneels down in front of the chair where I'm still hiding and strokes my head. Now, Carolin leans over, unties my completely knotted leash, and pulls me out from under the seat.

"Oh God, Dr. Wagner, this is so embarrassing. Please forgive me, I hope the rabbits are okay."

Pah! Traitor! What does it matter to them if the rabbits are alright? She should be more worried about me - first, I get hit with insidious ear fungus, and now they're bringing up my past like this. But at least Dr. Wagner knows priorities. He shakes his head, then takes me in his arms.

"Don't worry, you shouldn't feel embarrassed. This little guy can't be blamed for anything. A Dackel mix, right? You must know that Dackels have been bred for centuries specifically to catch rabbits." And against three hundred years of breeding, even the best-behaved dog can't compete. He strokes me, and I lick his hands. "By the way, Hercules sounds familiar to me. Have you ever brought him here before? We don't have a patient file on him yet."

Carolin shakes her head. "No, I'm a new dog owner. A friend recommended your practice to me."

"Well, then I must be mistaken. I took over the practice from my father just last year, and I admit I mix up some patients now and then." He turns to Nina. "I hope I didn't get too close with my little rescue maneuver? Thank you very much."

Nina lets out a very strange giggle and says in a voice completely different from usual: "But no, quite the opposite. You came just in time, thank you."

"Alright then, let's take a look at Hercules in peace. Please come with me?"

He opens the door he just came through and gestures invitingly. Carolin goes first, and Nina seems determined not to miss out on my examination either. She doesn't simply sit back down but immediately follows Carolin.

Dr. Wagner nods briefly to the young woman at the counter. "Sinje, please help Mr. Riedler catch Bobo and Snow White; they shouldn't become someone else's hunting dog."

Behind the door is a bright room with a table in the middle. Dr. Wagner sets me down on it and examines me.

"So, Hercules, where does the problem lie?"

"He has a tick behind his right ear, and I'm afraid the bite has become infected," Carolin explains.

Dr. Wagner runs his hand along my ear until he finds the lump. As he touches it, I jerk involuntarily. Despite all the commotion, it didn't actually hurt that much before; but now the throbbing is almost unbearable.

"You're right, it's become infected. I'll remove the tick and clean the wound. Then I'll prescribe antibiotics for Hercules. It's possible he was exposed to some germs from the animal." He also hands me a plastic collar so he can't scratch himself at the site anymore.

Great! What a wonderful prospect for the next few days. I bet Beck will be laughing hysterically when he sees me with this thing on.

"I suggest you hold Hercules' front paws steady while I put a muzzle on him," Dr. Wagner says. "Just in case he bites any of us when I remove the tick."

"Can I do something to help?" Nina asks.

Is she trying to impress Dr. Wagner? She's usually not so sweet.

"Thank you, Mrs... uh..."

"Bogner. Nina Bogner," she corrects him.

With the muzzle around my snout, I don't have the best view, but I can still see that Nina is beaming at Dr. Wagner. All her teeth are visible. Not a pleasant sight, if you ask me.

"Thank you, Mrs. Bogner, that's very kind of you," he says. "But we've got this covered."

"I'm just so worried about our little friend here. I love dogs, you know."

Ugh, the babbling is getting on my nerves. Hopefully Dr. Wagner will be done soon, and we can go home. From the corner of my eye, I see him grab a kind of pliers. He bends over me - AUCH! I knew visiting the vet always ends in pain. And today is no exception. I'd love to snap at Wagner, but the stupid muzzle prevents me from doing so.

"Relax, Hercules! We're almost done," Dr. Wagner reassures him. "Just a little longer, then you can get up."

He opens a small bottle and pours out a liquid with an intense, piercing smell. Yuck, that stinks horribly! He dabs some of the substance on a cotton ball, then smears it onto the wound. AGAIN AUCH! It burns like hell, and this time I manage to break free from Carolin and jump up. Angrily, I bark at both of them.

"Hercules!" Carolin scolds me. "Dr. Wagner is just trying to help. Now be good and lie down again!"

"No need, Mrs. Neumann," Dr. Wagner says. "I'm finished. The tick is out, the wound is cleaned. Your helper will give you the collar and antibiotics. Hercules will get medication in his food for the next seven days. That should take care of everything, and your Hercules will be back on his feet soon."

Ten minutes later, I am sitting on Carolin's lap, and we are both back in Nina's car. Nina seems to be in high spirits; she is whistling happily.

"So, what made you so cheerful?" Carolin asks her.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Oh yes, that was quite interesting today. A kind of alternative lunch break. I've never been to a vet before."

"Well, why not? I always had the impression you weren't exactly a big animal lover. Your newfound love for dogs surprises me honestly."

"Why? Hercules is such a cute little guy. So, if we ever need to go back, I'd be happy to come along."

"Hmm. Are you sure it's not about another cute little guy?"

"What? I don't know what you're talking about."

Here, Nina and I are on the same page. I still can't figure out what Carolin is talking about. Which other cute little guy? I couldn't find anyone but myself who deserves that title.

"Come on now, stop acting like that. Didn't you see him flirting with Dr. Doctor?"

Nina says nothing and just continues to whistle.

"Okay, admit it, he caught your eye. I get it. He does look quite handsome - and how he immediately took charge of you: old school style."

Carolin giggles, but Nina remains silent. Human communication is a mystery.

Back home, I'd rather curl up in my basket right away. But that's not an option because before Carolin can even unlock the front door, Beck strolls by us by pure chance and hisses, "We need to talk, immediately!" Is there ever any peace around here? On the other hand, Beck does make a dramatic face, which piques my curiosity.

"Fine, in the garden?" I sigh resignedly.

Beck nods and disappears. I look up at Carolin, start peeping and pacing back and forth.

"What's wrong, Hercules? Do you have to go?"

I bark briefly and run towards the garden. "Hey, not so fast! I actually need to get to the workshop right now."

I pause and peep again.

"Alright, if it's that urgent..."

In the garden, I see Beck sitting under a tree. I squat down next to him.

"So, what's going on?" I want to know.

Beck takes a dramatic breath. "I've made a sensational discovery."

SEVEN

"Where? I don't see anything!"

"Over there!" I squint at a row of houses across the street but can't make out the sensation Beck claims to have found there. Fine, maybe it's because I'm wearing this oversized plastic collar around my neck which limits my vision, but that can't be helped now. Beck huffs impatiently.

"Well, we'll just have to get closer then. Come on, run over!"

"Hold on, I want to know what we're even doing here first," I refuse. That was a bad idea. Running with this collar is not my forte; I always get stuck on something. Beck sighs. "We're here to solve your big problem."

"My biggest problem? Say it loud and clear, please. Is that where you found proof that I'm actually purebred and Escherberg was hallucinating?"

In my mind's eye, I see a lengthy pedigree certificate issued in my name.

Beck grunts. "Nonsense. Not this family tree nonsense. No one cares about that stuff."

"My biggest problem is Thomas," I say.

"Right. You said Thomas wants to get rid of you."

"Yes, but... what does that even mean?"

"That you need to outsmart him. Get rid of him before he can send you back to the shelter."

"Me? Get rid of Thomas? How am I supposed to do that?" I look at Beck in disbelief. "Should I attack and bury him secretly or something? You're overestimating me a bit, I'm not a fighting dog."

Beck shakes his head. "Goodness gracious, you're hard to understand. Not like that! This is your chance to get rid of Thomas once and for all. But not if you just stand there like a statue. So come on, follow me!"

I sigh. When will this day finally calm down?

On the other side of the street, I still can't figure out what's so special here.

"Excuse me, obviously I'm not as sharp as you are today. What's so groundbreaking to see here?"

"Right in front of you."

"Huh?"

"In front of proof A."

"Proof A? You're making this way too dramatic. Can't you just tell me what the heck is going on already?"

"Of course. You only see two cars. I, however, see a BMW, black metallic. That's part one of a brilliant, seamless argument that will end with Thomas at your doorstep and you on his couch."

He mentioned that Beck used to be a lawyer? One very unpleasant side effect from that time is the random use of legal jargon. Tragic how people rub off on their pets. I wish it was the other way around. The world would be a friendlier place.

"Come on, Dackel! Climb up on that power line!"

Beck leaps up in one go.

"Are you serious? How am I supposed to do that? Even under normal circumstances, I can't reach it - and with this collar, it's completely out of the question." So either he tells me right now what all this is about or I'm going home.

Beck looks offended. "I expected a little more enthusiasm from you. After all, I'm doing this for you. It could be totally irrelevant to me what Thomas does with his time. But since we're friends... "

"Hold on," I interrupt him, "what about Thomas?"

Beck jumps down and lands right next to me. Cats can do that, you know.

"Alright, let's get this down on paper: This morning, I went for my usual little walk. I always enjoy being on the other side of the park; there's better air here, more mice, quieter... "
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"What nonsense, you stupid little dachshund!" Beck interrupts me scornfully. "No, not at all! They kissed! I mean, Thomas kissed another woman!..."

"... Why not? I've seen it happen before. Carolin and Nina kiss each other on the face from time to time, that's just a ritual among people."

"With their tongues?"

"What do you mean?"

"Do they kiss with their tongues?"

I'm bewildered. Kissing with tongues?

"So, they lick each other? I've never seen people do that before. They don't even do that!"

"See! Beck exclaims triumphantly. "They do it after all! But not always. Only when they want to mate. And that's exactly what I saw, I actually snuck into the hallway because I had a feeling: Thomas licked this woman with his tongue, and she him too. So, they first kissed normally, then stuck their tongues in each other's mouths. An undeniable sign! There's a big fraud going on here, and I've exposed it!"

This is clearly too complicated for a little dachshund. My ears are ringing, both of them, not just from the collar. Apparently, my confusion is evident, because Mr. Beck moves closer to me and whispers conspiratorially.

"Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach, I'm delivering Thomas straight to the knife. He's cheating on Carolin with another woman." As you probably know, men and women like to form pairs with each other. And when they do that, they stay together. Anything else is fraud. So, having sex with a man or woman who doesn't belong to you is fraud. And kissing like Thomas and this other woman did is often the beginning of fraud." My old master, the lawyer, knew a lot about these things. Many men and women came to him wanting to break up with their partners because they had been cheated on. We had a specialist who would take photos of such cheaters so that it could be proven. You'd often see people in those photos licking each other. When our clients saw the pictures, they usually cried - then my master helped them get rid of the cheater."

So now I'm all worked up and wagging my tail wildly.

"And do you think that'll work?"

"One hundred percent. A sure thing. We just need one more piece of evidence."

I stop wagging my tail.

"Darn it."

"What?!"

"The proof. How are we supposed to prove it? After all, we can't take a photo and show Carolin. And Thomas won't be stupid enough to kiss in front of her."

Beck nods. "You're right, that is a problem. But I'll think of something. In the meantime, I suggest we intensify surveillance. At the appropriate time, we'll enter the proof-gathering phase."

I said it: legal mumbo jumbo.

"But you don't even know which apartment Thomas is in with this woman. And even if you did, how would we get in?!"

"You're perhaps too cautious. And on both points, you're wrong. First: The apartment is on the ground floor. I saw the woman close a window. That makes things easier for us second."

Am I imagining it, or do I hear a hint of mockery in his voice? In any case, I decide not to provoke him by suggesting we break into a stranger's house led by a cat who is clearly not all there.

"Come on, hurry up! I can't carry you much longer!"

Beck groans and staggers. I hesitate. The windowsill is probably about a meter away; if I fall, I'll land hard. But we've come too far to give up now; actually, we had sneaked into the house unnoticed with the postman and made our way through the back door onto the courtyard. Now all I have to do is get from the back door staircase to the window of the apartment in question. So I close my eyes, take a deep breath - and jump.

Maybe it was more like half a meter. Either way, I land almost effortlessly right in front of the big window. Phew! A couple of seconds later, Beck lands next to me. Somehow, I envy cats their agility. Even without the collar, I wouldn't be able to make it half as far as Beck. Curiously, we both peer through the window. Indeed, there they are: Thomas and this woman, engaged in what Thomas recently called "being fully charged." In the dark bedroom, it was hard to tell for sure, but now the situation is crystal clear: We're witnessing a love-making session.

Beck cheers. "I knew it! Sex! Call me Sherlock Beck!"

He jumps up and down so wildly that I'm afraid we might both fall - or worse, be discovered. The latter seems unlikely, though, since Thomas and his companion are very much focused on each other.

"So," I dryly observe after Beck calms down, "that's what sex looks like."

"Exactly. And people make such a fuss about it: who with whom, when, why... It's unbelievable."

Well, that's par for the course among dachshund breeders; the bitch's mating with the right stud is always a big deal: maybe we need to get the approval of the German Dachshund Club's breeding and registration office, then wait for her heat, finally for her willingness to mate... And in the meantime, the breeder has to be constantly on hand to make sure no stray male mounts the bitch - as my mother found out. Otherwise, all that effort would have been for nothing, and we'd be back at square one with our dream of premium puppies.

But what remains clear is this: While the uproar among dachshund breeders has more to do with fulfilling the breeding and registration club's regulations than anything else, it seems people are concerned about something far more weighty than just a hassle with the registry office. That's because, otherwise, this whole situation wouldn't be worth breaking up Carolin and Thomas.

"Dreaming?" Beck wants to know.

"No, I'm just wondering why that matters so much to them."

"Love, of course! What else?"

"Love? But what does that have to do with it?"

"Man, Hercules, you really need a fresh start here. So, the question of sex and love is an elementary one for human couples. But I can't explain that to you in passing."

Fine, where Beck's right, he's right. Suddenly, a brilliant idea strikes me. "Okay, if we don't have a photo, we'll just have to find something else... something clear-cut."

Beck looks at me surprised. "Find something? What?"

"Something that Carolin will immediately recognize as proof of what happened." I take a good look around and then say, "I've got it!"

"You filthy, filthy pig!" Carolin is beside herself with rage. I'm thrilled. Our plan actually works!
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"But, darling, let me explain..." Thomas stammers. "This is a complete coincidence, nothing more!"

"I found a black lace thong in your jacket pocket, and that's a coincidence? Do you really think I'm stupid?"

She should rather ask how stupid Thomas is. He didn't even find it odd when I dragged his jacket through the hallway earlier. That's just how it goes with pets; they never notice when things are out of place. It comes back to bite you bitterly. Carolin, on the other hand, immediately looked surprised and turned to me. Then she spotted the corner of the thong.

"Believe me, Carolin, I have no idea how that thong got in there. Not a clue!"

Thomas sounds desperate, but it doesn't soften Carolin's resolve.

"I'm tired of your lies, Thomas. I've always had a feeling something was off. Those strange calls, all your supposed business trips..."

Carolin's intuition was spot on. It dawned on me then that Thomas hadn't been faithful to her from the very beginning; when Mr. Beck came slinking through the half-open terrace door with the thong in his mouth, I knew instantly where it had come from: Thomas and Carolin's bed. That was what I couldn't place at the time—the scent of this woman. It was clear she'd been in Carolin's bed too! Unbelievable, but true. Without having dealt with this issue for a while, I'm pretty sure that's another level of 'deception'. I hope Carolin doesn't give in to Thomas. He deserves to be kicked out. The chances are excellent. Carolin's voice isn't even remotely conciliatory.

"I booked the hotel back then on Mr. Brodkamp—apparently, a mistake by your secretary. The scent of an unfamiliar perfume that I apparently imagine... Forget it now, it's over! I want you to leave. And fast! I'm going to see Nina. When I get back, you're gone."

She turns and walks towards the door.

"But—Carolin!" Thomas grabs her arm. "You can't do this. I thought we loved each other!

Carolin looks him straight in the eyes and says firmly: "I did think so too. But apparently, I was wrong. Goodbye, Thomas. Go find Hercules. Nina's waiting for us."

Carolin, I'm proud of you. You handled that perfectly. Not a flicker of emotion. Almost icy cold. From my spot under her car footwell, I can't see much, but she definitely has a smile on her face. Finally, she's rid of the cheat—and that's something to celebrate!

As for me, I'm happy. In my mind's eye, I see Carolin and me relaxing on the couch together during a cozy TV evening. Will I be able to sleep in their bed one day? After all, it is quite large for just one person. A little guy like me would fit right in—oops! The car comes to an abrupt halt, and I'm suddenly pressed deeper into the footwell. Ouch, did we have an accident? I wriggle myself back up. Suddenly, I realize why Carolin slammed on the brakes: she's lying with her upper body on the steering wheel, face buried in her arms—and crying. No, she's not just crying; she's shaking. Her shoulders are jerking, and I hear a sob that gives me chills. What's going on? Carolin isn't happy, that much is clear. Silently, I sit next to her, unsure what to do. How does one comfort someone?

Slowly, I wiggle my nose under her arms and get a good look at her face. It's warm and wet. I start licking it gently, then a bit more vigorously. Mmm, salty. Normally, people aren't too keen on dogs licking their faces, but Carolin doesn't react—which is surprising since most people have strong opinions about that.

Eventually, Carolin sits up, turns to me, and strokes my head. "You want to comfort me, don't you? That's sweet of you. I'm really glad I have you."

I try to make some approving sound, but it doesn't come out right. So, I lick her hands again. She chuckles a little. At least that!

"It's okay, sweetheart. You probably don't understand, right? Don't know what happened. Poor thing."

Well, I wouldn't put it quite like that, but maybe it's for the best that Carolin doesn't know the full details of what went on between Thomas and herself. She wipes her tears away.

"Everything will be alright, don't worry."

Is she talking to me or herself? In any case, she stops crying and drives off again.

Carl-Leopold von Eschersbach, I hope it was really a good idea to get involved in this mess.

EIGHT

"Hercules, old buddy, I wish you could talk." Daniel lifts me onto his workbench and looks at me. "I'd really like to know what happened between Thomas and Carolin." He scratches my neck. "But she won't tell me—and you can't either."

To be honest, even if I could speak, I wouldn't tell Daniel what happened. Because now that I think about it, I wish Beck and I had never come up with the stupid thong idea. When Carolin and I arrived at Nina's place, Thomas was already gone. But nothing else happened like I'd hoped. We're not sitting on the couch together in a cozy atmosphere; I'm not sleeping next to Thomas in his side of the bed. Since Thomas left, Carolin has changed completely. She cries a lot. She doesn't talk to me anymore. She barely talks to anyone. And she hardly sleeps at all. She walks around the apartment aimlessly, listening to music loudly—sometimes so loudly that it gets on other people's nerves too—and when the neighbors knock and complain, Carolin just stares at them wordlessly before shutting the door again. Although she does lower the volume a bit, nothing else changes. She continues wandering around the apartment without purpose.

For four days now, she hasn't even gone to work in the workshop. She's been taking me down to Daniel in the morning. She said very little, just asking if Daniel could look after me during the day. So right now, I spend my time with him, and he brings me back up to Carolin in the evening. While doing so, he tries to involve Carolin in a conversation every chance he gets, but unfortunately, it never works out.

"Really, Hercules, I'm worried. The way she's taking Thomas's departure is terrible. I mean, come on, you have to agree: that guy was an idiot who didn't deserve anyone's tears, especially not someone as amazing as Carolin."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The only nice thing about the current situation is actually the conversations between Daniel and me. Well, maybe "conversation" is a bit strong, but Daniel talks to me quite a lot. It's probably no wonder, after all, we're usually alone now. But I learn a lot about people in general and Carolin in particular this way, and of course about Daniel. He knew Carolin before Thomas came along. They studied together, you see, how to build these wooden instruments - violins, cellos, that sort of thing. It was somewhere far away, in a place with a wonderful name: Mittenwald. It must have been an amazing town, if it had such a name. Right in the middle of the forest.

In Daniel and Carolin's violin-making class, there were lots of girls, but none like Carolin. Daniel noticed right away, and soon they were best friends. They even lived together. They experienced many things for the first time in their lives together: the first big house cleaning, the first homemade Sunday roast, the first Christmas without parents. Only the first great love was individual to each of them - which had its advantages, as it allowed them to comfort each other.

When Daniel talks, I almost feel like I'm a human myself. At least, I think I'm starting to understand how bipeds tick. Of course, Mr Beck has explained some things to me too, but hearing the subject matter come from the horse's mouth... well, let's just say I'm not always sure if he isn't making some of it up to make the story more interesting.

Daniel pats me on the head again, then sets me back down. "Alright, now I need to get a move on or we'll sink into chaos here. A special customer is coming soon. She might not be easily recognizable to you as a dog - but as a man, I can assure you: a real beauty! An excellent musician, too. And quite the temperament - oh la la! Not from bad parents, that lady. Sometimes she needs a little braking, but it's always nice to see her."

He starts humming a tune and tidies up his workbench.

This is really boring. And maybe this excellent musician will even play violin, which wouldn't be for me at all. I saunter towards the terrace door. Maybe I'll bump into Mr Beck in the garden. A nice chat between pets would be nice right now.

But alas, no sign of Beck, neither behind the house nor in the front yard. Instead, I make an interesting discovery: a young woman has taken up position directly on the little wall that surrounds our front yard. She sits there doing something with her face. I approach closer to get a better look. She doesn't even notice me, so absorbed is she... what exactly is she doing? On the surface, I'd say she's painting herself. Anyway, she holds a sponge in one hand, on which bright paint is applied, and then smears that paint onto her nose. A moment later, she takes a pen and applies red paste to her mouth. Hm, strange.

The woman packs her art supplies back into her bag and stands up. Then she quickly bends down and shakes her hair over her head. It looks pretty much like a dog shaking itself dry after a swim. That humans do this without water: another proof that bipeds are irrational creatures acting without logic or reason. She throws her - completely dry - hair over her shoulders. It's very long, very black, and very curly. It reminds me vaguely of the Hungarian shepherd dog who once visited us at Schloss Eschersbach. I spontaneously wondered how he could see the sheep he was supposed to watch with all that fur in his eyes.

Now I see that the woman has a suitcase by her side as well. Obviously a violin case, as I now know. So this must be the musician mentioned earlier. Whether she's particularly beautiful for human standards, I can't say. It's hard to tell, after all, since she's painted her face in such a way that its original form is no longer recognizable. The most beautiful woman in the world is Carolin, and the rest don't interest me.

The painted woman approaches the entrance, I run back through the garden to the terrace door, and stand beside Daniel as he opens the workshop door.

"Daniel, my dear! You've made it!" She wraps her arms around him and kisses him. I do my best to see if there's tongue involved or not. After all, I've had some practice. Unfortunately, I can't really tell, both faces are obscured by her voluminous curls. But in my own interest, I hope this is just a normal greeting, because right now I don't need anything else. Even though I wasn't entirely innocent in recent developments. So far, the workshop has been a good retreat from human emotional turmoil, and that should stay that way.

"Wow, Aurora, you look fantastic as ever! Come on in, I've been waiting for you. Carolin is unfortunately sick and won't be in the workshop this week."

"Poor thing! What's wrong with her?"

Do I imagine it, or does this concern sound a bit fake? I'd bet a good chunk of sausage that Aurora is actually relieved not to see Carolin.

"She has a bad cold. She has a pounding headache, and I advised her to take it easy."

"Good idea." Aurora raises her hand and makes a threatening gesture with her index finger. "Just don't catch it from her, my dear. Now that I need you more than ever." Finally, she notices me too. "Since when do you have a dog?"

"Carolin brought him home from the animal shelter last month. A sweet little guy, not? I'm kind of pet-sitting while she's sick."

"That's nice of you. I'm not really a dog person, cats are more my thing. But he is quite cute."

Grrr, cats are her preference? Maybe I'll give her a little tap on the behind to make her realize why she loves cats.

"So, let me see this beauty. I'm curious." Daniel helps Aurora out of her coat and leads her into his workshop space.

"You're right, Daniel. She's gorgeous."

She hands him the violin case, he places it on his workbench and carefully opens it, takes the violin out and turns it over. Then he whistles in approval.

"Impressive! Cremonese school, no doubt about it!"

"I was thrilled when the broker called me. I'd been looking for such an instrument for ages. Last week the expert report came through, and yesterday it arrived by express from London."

"Well, there's a crack in the lid, the curves are warped - but all in all, it doesn't seem too bad. I'd say there's hope."

Aurora lets out a whoop of joy and wraps her arms around Daniel again.

"I knew you were the best! Thank you, thank you, thank you!"

With a certain satisfaction, I notice Daniel gently pushing her away.

"No problem, it's my job."

"When can we start?"

Daniel looks at the calendar hanging on the opposite wall.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"Hm, wait a moment. This week won't work out either because I'm all alone right now. But for next week, I had you scheduled prophylactically; I'll definitely start then. It's hard to say yet how long it will take. It also depends on what else I discover when I open it."

Aurora nods and puts her hand on Daniel's arm. "Just give me a call when you see more clearly. Do you plan to come to my concert at the Music Hall next week?"

"I'm not sure yet. There's just so much going on here..." He raises his hands in apology.

"Well, I hope Carolin gets back on her feet soon. You'd be missing out on something really good. We could go for a meal afterwards, celebrate a bit. The new violin needs to be celebrated." How does that sound?

"Wow, Aurora, it sounds incredible. I'll see what I can do. Well, I have to go now." With a friendly but unmistakable gesture, he leads Aurora out and helps her into her coat.

"So we'll see each other next week! I count on you, please try your best!"

Daniel smiles. "I will. And that's why I'm getting back to work right away."

He opens the door for her; before she leaves, she gives him a quick kiss on the cheek without tongue.

Carolin greets us at the door and looks somehow strange. She also smells strange. A scent I've sniffed from Escherbach a few times.

"Good evening, both of you, come in."

"Is everything okay with you?" Daniel asks.

"Of course it is, don't worry about that. I just need some time to recover," Carolin chuckles.

It's hard to believe: Even Carolin's voice sounds strange. Slow and muddled. A sudden feeling of discomfort washes over me.

Daniel follows me into the apartment while I run to my basket; he sits on the living room sofa.

"Aurora Herwig was here today," Daniel reports.

"Oh, the beautiful violinist! How is she doing?"

"She's doing great—she got a cheap old Italian master from London. Cremona, I think. I haven't read the expert report yet, but Aurora was over the moon."

Carolin starts giggling. "Well, that's good news then, right? Everything's fine."

"Say, Carolin, are you sure everything is okay? You look a bit off. I'm really worried about you; besides, I miss you terribly in the workshop."

Carolin sits next to Daniel and puts her hand on his shoulder. "Don't worry, it'll all be fine. Next week, I'll be back to normal, I just need some rest. Right?"

Daniel hesitates then stands up. "Alright, well, I'm heading home. But promise me you'll call if things don't go well."

"Yeah, yeah, I will. Now off you go. I'm tired too and going to bed."

"Goodnight!"

Daniel tries to bend down to hug Carolin but she dodges him.

"Goodnight."

Daniel leaves; I'm alone with Carolin. I can't quite say why, but the uneasiness has turned into fear. Something's not right here. I'd like to follow Daniel and bring him back, but how? Ugh, something tells me Carolin shouldn't be alone right now. Not 'alone' in the sense of 'without other people'. I don't want to underestimate my company, but this place needs more than a small dog. Definitely.

Carolin sits on the sofa for a while then stands up, goes to the stereo system and turns on music again. It's driving me crazy: This music has been playing for almost a week; I could rip out my ears. I walk over to her and tug at her jeans. "Hey, now pay attention to me! I'm here too!" But she just gives me a brief look with glassy eyes and goes into the kitchen. I follow her. Even though Daniel has already fed me, I wouldn't mind some reconciliation sausage right about now. It would be nice if Carolin thought of me once in a while; I'm starting to feel a bit insulted.

Indeed, she opens the fridge—but only to grab a bottle. She takes a glass and pours something into it. Ah, that's where the smell comes from! Apparently, she's been drinking more of this stuff. As she walks back towards the living room, she almost steps on my paws. "Ouch!" I bark loudly. This can't go on like this! I decide to retreat to my basket.

A while later, I hear a rumble. Curious, I jump up and run towards the sound. In the living room, Carolin is just getting up after apparently having fallen. "Ugh, I guess I was wobbly on that chair," she says. She stands up, puts the chair back in place, and tries to reach for the bottle again. This time, she succeeds, but instead of drinking, she pours it onto the carpet. Carolin chuckles.

"Finally get a nice design on this old fluffball, huh?" I bark. She ignores me and takes a big gulp.

"Want to try some, Herkules?"

She holds out the glass for me; I pull my tail between my legs and whine. "No way! Yuck!"

"Then cheers! To us!" She raises her glass in my direction again, but this time, a bit of it spills onto the carpet. Carolin laughs.

"Well, at least now this old fluffball has something interesting to look at." She sits down on the floor with the bottle and pours herself another drink.

This can't be happening. It's not right. Even though there's now a light brown stain on the carpet, I don't think we should make a bed out of it. In fact, I wouldn't even want to, but she goes to her closet, takes scissors, and kneels down on the carpet.

"Let's see if we can salvage something from this mess," she says. She lifts an edge, cuts into it with the scissors, then grins and pours herself another drink.

This is definitely human irony. Even though the carpet now looks like a wild animal had bitten into it several times, I doubt she'll actually make it into my bed. She does, however, take her time making these odd shapes out of the carpet—I'm really amazed. Soon, the once round carpet has lost its shape and resembles something a very large, very angry creature might have chewed on a few times. Carolin takes a break and pours herself another drink; the bottle is almost empty now. She looks at me.

"Will you stay with me, sweetie?" she whispers.

I certainly will, Carolin! Even though my sensitive little dachshund nose is having a hard time dealing with your overpowering scent right now. I hope it goes away soon.

Carolin gently scratches behind my neck. Then she mumbles something about needing to get some more "supplies" before she can continue. She stands up, tries to walk but stumbles and falls. She struggles to get up again but can't quite manage it.

"What's wrong with her?" I wonder aloud.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
"She's not doing well at all," she murmurs, then starts to gag. Her whole body contorts, and it looks like she's in pain.

I suddenly feel an overwhelming fear. What do I do? What's going on here?

Carolin chokes more, and I see her spitting onto the bright carpet—or what's left of it. Now everything is clear: Carolin has been poisoned! Probably with that stuff from the bottle! The last time I saw someone vomit was when my mom's sister Luise did, and a bad neighbor had mixed something into her food. We need a doctor immediately, or things could get much worse!

I run back and forth in a panic, finally returning to Carolin's head where she now lies motionless next to her vomit. I bark loudly so that she'll wake up—but she doesn't move. What do I do? Carolin needs help, and fast.

Maybe another neighbor will hear if I make more noise? After all, they complained about the music. I bark and growl, jumping up and down. Three minutes, five minutes, maybe ten. But nothing happens. Exhausted, I take a break. Damn, is nobody else in the house today besides us? Not even Beck?

Carolin remains unconscious and her face slowly turns pale. I crawl over to her and listen intently. Thank goodness, she's still breathing. I lie down at her head end, putting my snout on my front paws and listening to her breath. Sometimes it pauses briefly, and Carolin lets out a groan. What a terrible situation. And I've gotten us into this mess. It's all my fault—if I hadn't set Thomas up, he'd still be here, and Carolin wouldn't have been poisoned.

I take another run at making some noise. This time I jump directly in front of the balcony door while barking. It's slightly ajar; maybe someone outside will hear me? I'm so busy jumping around and barking that I almost miss the phone ringing when it happens. Does one of the neighbors call? No, I know to this day that people don't make phone calls like that! But maybe this is my only chance to get someone's attention. I have to try, and quickly, before it stops ringing. So much at least have I understood about making phone calls.

The phone is on a little table in the living room. Carolin always takes the phone when she talks, so I run over and try to pick it up with my snout. But that's not easy; the phone is quite large. On the first attempt, I don't catch it right, and on the second, it falls out of my mouth. Grrr, today nothing is working. Hopefully, I haven't broken it. Carefully, I sniff at the black object lying on the floor in front of me. Can we still use this to make a call? And if so, how? As I look closer, I hear a voice that sounds very far away. I bark excitedly! If I can hear the voice, maybe the voice can also hear me. Although I'm not entirely sure if the voice knows where I am, I give it my all: bark, growl, whine, yowl, and heave—all in the direction of the phone. Occasionally, I listen for the voice again: It seems to still be there. Unfortunately, I don't understand what she's saying, but I think I've heard my name once. Does the phone actually know how I'm called?

Suddenly, the voice is gone, replaced only by a buzzing sound. Frustrated, I snarl at the device. It seems that all my barking was for nothing. I trot back to Carolin and lie down next to her. If she's already in such bad shape, let her at least not be alone.

Silence reigns in the apartment. For the first time in a long while, I would very much like to be back at Schloss Eschersbach.

NINE

Was I asleep? I'm not entirely sure. Now, however, I'm wide awake because finally something is happening. First, the doorbell rings, then after some time, a key turns in the lock and the door opens. "Carolin, are you there?"

By all that's holy—it's Daniel! Without hesitation, I run to him, leaping up and trying to lick his face.

"Hey, hey, Hercules! That's quite a greeting. Are your owners worried about her? We're pretty concerned."

Us? Only now do I realize Nina is standing in the hallway of our building.

"Daniel, I have a really bad feeling. It just isn't right that Hercules answered the phone and we can no longer reach Carolin. And how this smells—disgusting!"

"Alright then, let's take a look."

He enters the apartment, and I run ahead to the living room. Come on, follow me! I stop next to Carolin and bark loudly. "Oh my God, Carolin!"

Daniel is right behind me and kneels down beside Carolin. Nina also enters the living room. As she sees Carolin lying there, she covers her face with her hands. "Oh no, what has happened?"

Daniel takes Carolin's hand. "So at least she has a pulse. Carolin! Wake up." He shakes her shoulder. "Carolin!"

She doesn't move. He turns her to the side, away from the vomit, and wipes her face with a tissue he pulls out of his pocket.

"I'm calling an ambulance right now."

He stands up and goes over to the phone that's still lying where I dropped it. He talks briefly to someone on the other end, then comes back to us. Nina also sits down on the floor next to us.

"What does all this mean? Carolin unconscious, the carpet torn to pieces. How long has she been here?"

"Well, I came home two hours ago. Before that, I left Hercules with her. She was already in a pretty bad state—but okay, that can happen. Especially after a breakup. However, she hadn't been to the workshop for four days because she was so down. She promised to come next week." He sighs. "I should have probed more."

"What do you mean? I knew it wasn't good for her with Thomas," Nina says, reaching for Carolin's hand.

"Yes, well, that's why I'm glad you called right away. And me having a key is also lucky! Hercules wouldn't have been able to let us in." She looks over at me and pulls me onto her lap, "You're quite the smart dog, Hercules. You realized Carolin needed help, didn't you?"

"Absolutely," Daniel agrees, "if you hadn't made such a fuss on the phone, we wouldn't have gotten here in time."

"How did you manage to pick up the phone? I find it hard to believe a little dog like you could do that," Nina says. "It's a shame you can't talk."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
The doorbell rings again, and Daniel lets in three men. The three look like they're in disguise: They wear jackets that strongly resemble garbage collection uniforms - only I'm pretty sure these aren't garbage collectors. One of them immediately goes to Carolin. Before he kneels down, he briefly turns to Daniel.

"What's her name?"

"Carolin Neumann."

"Your wife?"

"No, a good friend."

The man does essentially the same thing as Daniel - he first shakes her awake.

"Mrs. Neumann, can you hear me?"

Of course not! That far we've already come. He takes her hand and feels around her wrist, just like Daniel. Ugh, why did we call? This guy doesn't even seem to be thinking of anything new. I try to get as close to him as possible. He should know he's being watched. Now, though, he does something we haven't considered: He opens her eyes with his fingers and looks inside, then pulls something out of his jacket pocket, at first looking like a pen.

"Hmm, there is a pulse, but weak. Quite dilated pupils."

He opens one of her eyes again and points the pen in that direction. Ah, a flashlight! Strange, what's he doing?

"Hmm, very slow reaction. She also threw up. Do you know what your friend drank?"

Daniel shakes his head. Ha, but I do! I rush off and find under the pulled-out carpet pieces the empty bottle, grab it, and bring it back professionally. The man with the flashlight nods approvingly.

"Well then, if that's not a thinking dog... Very good! Let me see: at least she has good taste. But do you really have to drink an entire bottle? That's another question. Just out of curiosity: Does she usually drink anything else?" Hennessy VS.O.P.

Now Nina intervenes.

"Of course not! What do you think? Mrs. Neumann normally drinks at most a glass of wine in the evening. But right now she's not doing well, she just threw her boyfriend out, that filthy pig!"

"Nina, please," Daniel cuts him off, "that doesn't really matter here."

Mr. Garbage Collection Jacket smiles and shakes his head. "No, it's all good. And actually does matter - do you think your friend might have taken something else besides alcohol? Maybe pills?"

Daniel and Nina shrug their shoulders.

"I don't think so," Daniel finally says, "but I'll take a quick look around."

Shortly after, he's back and shakes his head. "Nothing found. But I actually also exclude that."

The man nods. "Alright, my colleagues and I are taking Mrs. Neumann now. She definitely has a severe alcohol poisoning."

Is that very dangerous? Alcohol poisoning?

"I'll give her an IV right away in the ambulance to lower the alcohol concentration slightly, then we'll see at the hospital. She'll probably stay there for the next three days. So, guys," he addresses the other two men, "let's go."

The two men grab a stretcher from the hallway and place it next to Carolin, lift her onto it, and march off with her. The third Garbage Collection Jacket briefly says goodbye to us, then disappears as well. I notice a sudden feeling of sadness and loneliness creeping over me: A little guy like me needs his mom! Will I have to go back to the shelter?

"What do we do now?" Nina looks at Daniel questioningly.

"I think one of us should also go to the hospital. So someone's there when Carolin wakes up."

Nina nods. "Good idea. She really shouldn't be alone in this situation. What do you think, if you're already going ahead? I'll clean up a bit here and then come."

"Okay. What about Hercules?"

The two look at me. I'd like to bark loudly, but only a pitiful yes comes out. Not the shelter!, 

"Look at how miserable he looks! He must have been terrified too. We can't leave him alone. Plus, he's Carolin's savior, so he deserves a reward."

Finally, a sensible thought from Nina.

"I suggest I take him with me later. From my side, he can also stay at my place tonight, and then I'll bring him to the workshop tomorrow."

"Sounds good. Then I'll take over Carolin's night shift - if necessary. And I'll handle Hercules tomorrow."

"See you later!"

After he leaves, Nina starts cleaning up the mess in the living room with a bucket and scrubber. Once she's finished, she stands there dumbfounded in front of the remains of the white carpet.

"Can you maybe explain to me what happened here?" She wants to know from me while picking up one of the carpet pieces and turning it over. She smiles then. "I recognize this carpet - Thomas wanted it badly, but Carolin thought it was ugly. Plus, it was really expensive. It almost looks like someone cut her into little pieces here." She puts the piece back down. "But I'm optimistic about Carolin's recovery."

What that has to do with sick Carolin, however, doesn't make sense to me. But it's reassuring to hear Nina thinks it's a good sign.

Before we leave, Nina goes through the whole apartment again to check if everything is in order. In doing so, she discovers something I had already long forgotten: She comes back with the plastic neck brace from the bedroom, where Carolin had left it on the windowsill.

"Look what I found here, Hercules!"

Yes, I see it. Great. What do you want to do with that? You don't even have a dog, and it's definitely not going to fit around a human neck.

"We need to get this back to Dr. Wagner; he must be missing it."

I don't believe that, but if Nina is such an orderly, conscientious person - then fine. Just not again with me having to come along and be tortured.

We're not going to the hospital anymore. Daniel calls and says everything is okay so far and he can stay longer. A huge stone falls from my heart. Just thinking about Carolin being seriously ill is terrifying. What was that stuff she drank? I decide in future to watch her more carefully, so this doesn't happen again.

Nina's apartment is much smaller than Carolin's and smells completely different as well. Almost a bit dusty, but still quite nice. There must be all those books, everywhere. Almost every wall has a shelf, and each one is full of books. Big ones, small ones, thick ones, thin ones. Hard to believe she read them all. It's even harder to imagine, especially since I can't read myself. I'm still not quite clear how that actually works. One thing is certain, though: You need an incredibly long time to look at a sheet with a strange pattern and somehow something happens to people during that time.
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
In her head, I mean. Because from time to time they start laughing when they look at a sheet—though no one has said anything and nothing else has happened either. Or even cry. That's what I've observed with Emilia from time to time. She reads a lot too. So what does paper do to the human head? Does it produce some kind of hallucination or dream? I should definitely ask Beck when I see him again.

The next important question is, naturally, where I'm going to sleep. Because I'm realizing that I'm incredibly tired. Nina wouldn't let me sleep in her bed anyway. As I assess this woman, even my prettiest dachshund stare couldn't soften her up. Or should I give it a try? After all, she did say herself: I deserve a reward.

So I get up and tug at Nina's leg.

"Well, sweetheart, are you tired too? I'm thinking about where you could sleep. I don't have a basket for you."

Now is the perfect time to tilt my head and look incredibly cute. I try it. Nina looks at me in surprise.

"Do you want to tell me something? You look so...so strange."

Strange? Impudence? I look absolutely adorable, irresistible, immediately lovable! Now take a closer look! I lean my head even further and make a little noise.

"Hmm, are you sick? Or—do you want something specific?"

I bark briefly and run off. There must be the bedroom somewhere in this house; it's not exactly spacious. Behind the next door, I find it. I rush inside and sit on my doggy bottom. Nina follows.

"So, that sounds a bit crazy and like...but do you want to sleep in my bed? Prince Charles talks with plants."

I cast her another loyal glance and offer a trick that I haven't often performed: I make myself look silly! And it works; I stand at least a minute as if made of stone. So, if this doesn't work, I don't know what to do.

Nina looks—and bursts into hearty laughter. "This is just delicious! Hercules, where did you get that from?"

Offended, I sit back down. This woman clearly has no idea about art. And she obviously doesn't know how difficult it is for a dog to go upright. Yes, as a human, that's nothing. Everyone can do it. But for me, that was quite good. Snoot! I don't want to sleep in her bed anymore. I'd rather sleep on the doormat and anyway...

"Come on, you scamp! Hop in!" Nina quickly flips back the bedspread at the foot of the bed and invites me to lie down invitingly.

I said snoot? What nonsense. Nina is a nice girl.

"Good morning, both of you. Well, I don't know who looks worse—you or Daniel."

The next day, Nina and I didn't go to the workshop; we went straight to the hospital. Daniel had been guarding Carolyn's bed all night. Accordingly, he looks battered. That's just a disadvantage when you don't have fur on your face: an unhealthy lifestyle is much harder to hide.

Carolyn is very pale around her nose, but at least she's no longer unconscious. She sits in her bed and even manages to smile.

"Hello, Nina, it's nice that you're here. And thank you for bringing Hercules along."

"Well, animals are actually banned on the ward, but when I explained to the head nurse that Hercules is kind of your life-saver, she gave me a pass."

Carolyn nods. "Daniel told me. Come here, Hercules, let me scratch you a bit."

Only too happy! Nina sets me down in the chair next to Carolyn's bed and then we cuddle for a while.

"Oh, people, this is all so embarrassing! How could this have happened? Unfortunately, I can't remember anything either—though that might be better.

Daniel takes Carolyn's hand. "Come on, you really don't have to be embarrassed. We're your friends. Plus, we of course expect you to hold up your end too if we ever crack open a bottle of cognac and start cutting holes in carpets."

Carolyn blushes. "Just stop it, I can't take it! It's embarrassing!"

"Come on? You drank 3.2 units—one more shot and you might have fallen into a coma. That wasn't just an accident."

Carolyn stops scratching me. "What do you mean?"

"You know exactly what I mean. Daniel told me that you haven't been to the workshop all week. And he's taking care of Hercules because it's so hard for you.

Carolyn remains silent.

"Well, of course I'm worried about you. Hey, Carolyn, I know you don't want to hear this, but Thomas was no tear in my eye. For years, that guy treated you badly; I was really glad when you finally kicked him out. Of course, you're not feeling well, but that's normal, and you'll get over it. Please don't think your life will always be sad. That's just not true."

Carolyn starts to cry, and Nina gives her a tissue.

"Since Thomas is gone, I feel so lonely. I'm afraid I'll never be happy again. I've always wanted a family, children. But that seems even further away than I ever thought possible. In essence, I only have Hercules."

What do you mean by "only"? A loyal dog is better than a treacherous scoundrel! I will never disappoint Carolyn. Quickly, I lick her hands. Nina nods in agreement.

"You understand that, Hercules, right? But even though she's not perfect, I can understand Carolyn. A dog isn't a person."

I want to shout, because at least on me you can rely. Luckily! "You know, Thomas wasn't perfect either. But who is? I think now that maybe I should have forgiven him. Maybe I was too hard on him."

Nina snorts in disdain. "So please! That sounds like a lot of self-pity. I don't understand how such a great woman as you could sell yourself short like this. You'll meet the right man, I'm sure of it. And then you'll realize that today was your lucky day—the day things started to get better!"

Carolyn looks doubtful. "Well, if fate wants it, I guess I can meet my prince in the park behind our house. I wouldn't have to look far."
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
Of course, that's it! A brilliant idea comes to me. We need a prince! And who better than Carolin? She saved me when I was in dire need. And now I'll save her. Even if I have to dig up the whole park for it.

TEN

Hopefully we're heading home right away. I absolutely must tell Beck about my sensational plan. The basic framework is already there, but I need a deep people-reader for the crucial details. Someone just like Mr. Beck.

Finally, Nina pulls over, gets out of the car and opens my door. In that moment as I jump out, I see it: We're not home. And worse yet: Nina pulls out my plastic collar from the back seat. No way - I sense something bad is coming. We're back at the vet's!

The car door isn't fully closed yet, so I quickly hop back onto the passenger seat. That stupid plastic piece can be dealt with by Nina alone; she doesn't need me for that.

"Hercules, what's going on? Get out, we're heading to Dr. Wagner."

I growl and bare my teeth. There's no way I'm leaving here. Plus, I feel fantastic. My ear isn't hurting anymore, and I don't have any other complaints. What's this all about?

"Now come on, sweetheart, jump out!" Nina urges me.

I firmly shake my head. Nina sighs, rummages in her purse, then pulls out my dog leash. Does she want to force me into the car again?

She does - because shortly afterward, she attaches the leash to my collar and gently but resolutely guides me towards the sidewalk. Clearly, she means business. I briefly consider whether I should stubbornly argue with her, and who would come out on top. Given our size difference, it's obvious that I would lose. It's heartbreaking!

At the clinic, Nina leads me to the counter and hands over the collar to the receptionist.

"I'd also like to speak with the doctor. He should take another look at Hercules. He's such a delicate, sensitive little fellow, and I'm always so worried about him."

"That's not really necessary," the assistant replies with a smile.

Right, good girl!

"Still, if you insist. But you'll have to wait for a moment. There are still some patients ahead of you."

Just then, Dr. Wagner peeks his head out from behind the treatment room door.

"Oh, hello Mrs. Bogner!" he greets Nina. "Back with... uh..."

"Hercules," Nina helps him out.

Ugh, she still remembers my name, but has forgotten mine. Maybe Wagner should switch from veterinary medicine to women's health.

"Right, Hercules, the dachshund mix." Grrr!

"So I wouldn't say there are any problems directly. But I'm taking care of him right now because Mrs. Neumann is sick. And I don't want to make any mistakes. That's why it would be very important for you to take another look at Hercules, just to make sure everything is okay with him."

Dr. Wagner grins. Yeah, how weird that is, haha!

"Alright then, come on in."

A moment later, I find myself on the examination table, and Dr. Wagner has my ear in his hand. He smoothly runs his hand over my fur and passes his finger once more over the spot where the tick had been attached.

"I can reassure you, everything looks very good. Hercules is back to his old self."

"Hmm, are you sure? What about Lyme disease? I read recently that dogs can get that too."

Lyme...what? I perk up my ears.

"Then close monitoring would be advisable, right? Not that anything should happen to Hercules! I couldn't live with myself if that happened. Better come back next week for another checkup. Maybe we could even take some blood?"

What?! In one bound, I leap off the table, glower at both of them, and bark short but loudly.

Wagner laughs. "There you go, Mrs. Bogner. Hercules doesn't like your suggestion at all. And frankly, I don't either. Lyme disease is very rare in Hamburg, and Hercules looks perfectly healthy."

"Oh, so?"

Nina looks extremely disappointed. She's obviously a sadist.

"But here's another proposal: Before you bring this poor dachshund to me again, why don't you just ask me out for a drink when you want to see me?

Nina gasps and looks utterly shocked. Why on earth am I suggesting this? I think it's brilliant.

"So really...I...I..." Then Nina breaks into peals of laughter and can barely calm down. "Fine, you've got me. But let's be clear: Tonight at 8 o'clock in the Cavallol."

Wagner nods. "Very much so, Mrs. Bogner. Very much so."

Nina drives while whistling loudly and happily. She keeps laughing to herself. Then she turns to me briefly.

"My goodness, it's incredible. I asked him if he'd go out with me tonight, Hercules! You bring me luck. It's definitely a sign."

Cavallo

It's nice to hear that, but I'm still not entirely sure what the big deal is about this whole situation. Wagner said she could just tell him when she wants to see him. And why was Nina so startled? It seems communication between men and women is more complicated than a dog would initially suspect. There must be some secret code out there that's been hidden from me. "He says something, she says something."

We pull up in front of our house. Finally, home! I didn't stay away long, but I'm eager to consult Mr. Beck on how to put my brilliant plan into action. Nina and I walk through the garden to the back door of the workshop. She knocks on the window, two seconds later Daniel opens it.

"Well rested?" Nina asks.

"Yeah, sort of. I'll just go to bed a bit earlier tonight, then I'll be fine."

"Can you take Hercules with you today? I have a date this evening, and it's definitely a no-pets event."

"Oh, a date?"

"Sort of."

"And details?"

"Maybe later."

"Then I say...forward!"

"Waidmannsdank!"

I'm electrified! How many times have I heard that phrase at Schloss Eschersbach. And every time it was the prelude to a great adventure, one I was too young for. Only Mama and her sister were allowed to join. Opili was already too old, but he stayed home with us and told stories of the grandest thing a dachshund could experience: hunting. He always made his hunting tales so vivid that I always felt like I'd been there myself. The smell of rabbits, the scent of red deer, the excitement and joy - wonderful! How excited I was for my first hunt. I knew it would be my true calling: side by side with my hunter through the forests! Waidmannsheil!
---CHUNK-SEPARATOR---
A fine tingling sensation runs through my nose - Nina and Dr. Wagner are thus going hunting! I'm so excited that suddenly the conversation I had with Mr. Beck doesn't even matter to me anymore. Dr. Wagner appears to me in a completely different light. A hunter - no wonder Nina wanted to see him again! But why don't they take me along? I lie down right in front of Nina's feet and howl. I want to go too! Absolutely!

"One thing is certain: Hercules, the former owner, was a hunter. Look how he reacts to the 'halali' - that little guy is really excited!" Daniel bends down to me and scratches my belly. "But unfortunately, you misunderstood that. The type of hunt Nina is going on tonight is boring for small dachshunds. You wouldn't miss anything if you stayed with me."

My communication problem rears its head again. And it's not just between men and women, but also between women and dachshunds. Disappointed, I decide to look for another four-legged friend in the house. At least one who understands me. And more importantly, someone I understand.

"Come on, don't hang your head! I don't think Nina is really going hunting. Anyway, she's definitely not hunting hares. Rather, this veterinarian." Beck grins.

I groan internally. Now he's also started speaking in riddles! Humans just don't get along with animals.

"When men or women talk about the other gender in terms of hunting," Beck lectures now, "it's not about going into the forest together and bagging the next wild boar. Rather, it usually involves the art of courtship. You understand? Men hunt women, and women hunt men. But not literally meant."

I shake my head in disbelief. "Why? Why don't they just say what they mean?"

Beck shrugs his shoulders. "No idea. For some reason, the one the other wants as a partner must under no circumstances find out. On the contrary - one has to act as if one didn't want anything to do with them."

"Got it. That's like hunting then. Creeping up slowly and silently. Weighing the prey until the end. The smartest ones catch even the wisest."

"Right. So, this whole courtship thing is more like a hunt than a drive." I muse. "Which fits, by the way, with Nina's reaction when the veterinarian immediately noticed her intentions. Let's put it in a picture."

"Absolutely right. A man must under no circumstances realize that a woman has set her sights on him. Otherwise, it doesn't work."

As Beck says this, I suddenly remember what I wanted to tell him. "By the way, have you heard about Carolin? She's not doing well in hospital!"

"Well, it's love sickness. It will pass."

"Yes, but she's in the hospital! That's why I'm upset."

"Oh, I didn't know people could go to the hospital for something like that. Of course, I feel bad about it."

"You should - after all, it was your idea!"

"Wait a minute: What do you mean by that? It was for your sake!"

"If you hadn't interfered with Thomas and Carolin, then Thomas would still be here, and Carolin wouldn't be so unhappy."

Beck snorts angrily. "Listen up - we did all this just for you! You were afraid Thomas would kick you out, right? Plus, Carolin was already unhappy before. She just didn't realize it."

Alright, the cat has his tongue, and I don't want to argue with him. So, I take a conciliatory tone.

"Calm down - I'm not trying to start an argument. Rather, I have a fantastic idea."

Beck looks at me suspiciously but says nothing. Instead, his tail tip starts moving frantically up and down. To give my words more weight, I stretch myself and take a deep breath.

"So, here's the plan: We'll find a new man for Carolin. And not just any man, but a prince at least."

Ta-da! I'm curious about Beck's reaction. Unfortunately, none comes.

"Hey, still mad?"

"No. But that idea is ridiculous."

"Why? I think it's great."

"Because you have no clue about people, or women, for that matter."

Now I'm the one looking offended.

"Hercules, how do you even suggest this? I'm pretty sure Carolin's taste in men is not compatible with young women and small dogs."

"But that's precisely the point! Carolin's taste in men! It's terrible! If we wait until she chooses herself again, we might soon have Thomas back in the house. She just doesn't know what's good for her."

"Oh? And you do?"

"Absolutely. I know. We're looking for a man I'd feel comfortable hunting with. A stand-up guy, of course, since Carolin isn't just anyone. But also someone who would treat his dog well, feed him regularly, and go for walks with him. Because whoever treats their dog like that will also treat their wife that way. But Carolin completely ignores these basic things."

Mr. Beck sighs. "Of course she does. She's a person, not a dog. Forget about it?"

"No, but you are! Women don't like nice guys."

"What?!"

Poor Beck - I think it must be old age.

"Exactly: They don't like nice guys. Because if they did, Carolin would already be with Daniel. He's head over heels in love with her, and she likes him too. But he's just too nice to her. Way too nice. It won't work."

Thomas, on the other hand, got almost everything right. Well, almost. Remember one thing: "Nice guys don't get taken seriously by others, especially not women." My decades of research tell me that. "Nice men don't fare well with women."

"You mean to say women deliberately choose unpleasant types like Thomas?"

"Exactly."

"But that's terrible!"

"The fact is: If Daniel or anyone else wants Carolin, he has to treat her badly."

I'm stunned - and confused. That can't be true! It would ultimately mean that women are mistreated. Mr. Beck must be mistaken; otherwise, my prognosis for Carolin's love life looks bleak. But on the other hand... In one point, Beck is right. Daniel is really nice, and I also get the feeling he adores Carolin. Everything seems to fit. There must be a reason why Carolin fell for Thomas instead of Daniel.

For a while, Beck and I sit silently side by side. I need time to process what I've just heard. My beautiful plan... sadly, I rest my head on my front paws.

"But," Beck says after a while, "if I think about it, maybe your idea isn't so bad after all. It's true that we animals have a much better understanding of people than humans do themselves."

"And how do we pull this off? You just said yourself it wouldn't work."

"Well," Beck says with a shrug and tilts his head, "that's the interesting part of our new task."